# 3.0.12-Beta

**Version: cloud\_3.0.12-beta product release**

**Date:** 18 April 2024

### <mark style="color:red;">**\*\***</mark><mark style="color:red;">To ensure the highest quality standards, some features in this version are marked for further refinement and will not be included in the current release. Please refer to the next approved release for updates and improvements.\*\*</mark>

## **New Features**

1. **Upload filename length validation**: When file is upload in form of profile image, excel file import then validation is added for the file name length.Implement pages are as follows (20 characters)&#x20;
   * Selfservice profile picture
   * Application image
   * Excel upload in User import, manager assignment, application assignment, group assignment,Role import
2. For the remote group, when a user or application is assigned to the group, they will not be assigned to Cymmetri until they have been successfully assigned to the target.
3. Workflow Config
   * After creating work flow now user redirect to workflow config page.
   * Now we can't active workflow if approver not configure in workflow config.

## Fixes

1. Application> Roles- Add toggle button to Active /Inactive status.
2. Add application/device name with space,Space should be trim
3. Users> Activity- Filter and search should be added in user activity
4. Workflow-"Save" button should remain disabled unless some condition is mentioned
5. Application SSO-attribute mapping-for duplicate entry,message should be show on same screen,refer other module for the duplicate entry error message
6. Lifecycle Mgmt>Hook Config - Search filter is not working
7. Amaya Connector- Show complete name on tooltip
8. User Setting- Change validation message for all three tasks( Active, Inactive, Delete)
9. Workflow Configuration- If approver is not present then workflow config should not get active
10. Partner Portal - Add Asterisk (\*) for marked fields
11. Partner Portal- The validation message indicates that spaces are acceptable, but the field is not currently allowing them
12. Partner portal- Company name letters should be extended to 100 characters and space at the end should be trimmed
13. Amaya-Param getting duplicate
14. Trigger email to user when MFA max attempted in login
15. Master > Audit logs- Audit for fields created or updated in Master is not showing except for Grade
16. PAM Device- Not able to search PAM devices from my workspace
17. Application add with space,Need to handle space in backend also as temporay fix deployed from UI side
18. Rename- Dynamic json connector to Amaya
19. Amaya connector- Rename Dynamic Json connector to Amaya
20. Dynamic Json Connector- Text is overflowing tag border
21. Delegation- User should not be able to save delegation when start date is in past.
22. Amaya-policy map-felicity-If for policy map attribute not generated then default value should be there
23. Add application-For policy map default should be off
24. Update pagination offset - label and placeholder
25. Amaya-Response getting hide
26. Rename Amaya provision sub tab to User Configuration
27. Amaya-Policy map,tooltip overlap issue
28. Partner portal-under cymmetri customer total user count showing-1, actual available-12
29. Recon- Modes should be non editable
30. Import users via CSV/recon- Users should not be imported/ should show error when particular usertype, department ,designation fields are inactive
31. Load Test Data: Identity Hub> Users- Pagination is not working when multiple users(Load) are present
32. Workflow- Workflow popup box is showing unknown but in pending workflow is going into requestor manager
33. User-Filter with custom attribute not working on below data
34. AD Application new bundle- If user is inactive in AD, and same user is updated in Cymmetri then user in AD should also get updated
35. AD Recon push-User not getting push in target (New bundle)
36. Recon- Timing is not correct
37. Application delete-Deleted application present under Provision rule ,even after application deleted
38. Processing please wait message should be changed, when no data is entered and clicked on preview assertion
39. Deprovision- User is getting suspended when deprovision rule is executed via scheduler when no end date is applied or status is inactive
40. Reports> Filter- Showing error message to enter start and and date when resetting filter or applying any other filter.
41. Remote Group assign in bulk-Not moving all user in group under AD
42. To verify user deleted from AD OU and cymmetri admin trying to assign remote group
43. AD application - In Suspend user, application status is showing fail updation state
44. Remote group-bulk assignment showing ServiceUnavailableException
45. Group-Recon pull-update and full sync assign/update-taking too much time
46. Ad Application- Application assignment is going in failed state , but deleting application is also getting failed
47. Assign user to remote group is failed
48. AD application recon- When workflow is configured and recon is executed, then user is going in pending workflow
49. AD New Bundle- Thumbanail Photo is reflecting incomplete(In hex form) in AD
50. Workflow- Workflow popup box is showing unknown but in pending workflow is going into requestor manager
51. Recon-Name not present then also showing error for the duplicate
52. AD application - In Suspend user, application status is showing fail updation state ﻿&#x20;
53. &#x20;Custom attribute Import via API EXT- Password should be encrypted form when imported ﻿&#x20;
54. SSO-Openid not working on QA, same working on dev ﻿&#x20;
55. Multi node-Application assign with role, all user getting assigned but still import showing inprogress ﻿&#x20;
56. API ext (API Client) User not getting created ﻿&#x20;
57. Deprovision rule-user data not getting updated when change Grace Period 3 to 0 days ﻿&#x20;
58. Unable to add Gmail account on Android after logging into Cymmetri ﻿&#x20;
59. Tenant specific> Reset OTP config- Not able to save configuration ﻿&#x20;
60. Partner portal- Display validation message specifying some fields are missing ﻿&#x20;
61. Grade workflow- Preference config popup box is showing user name but pending is showing Unknown ﻿&#x20;
62. Group recon pull-when space is in name then not going in ignore case ﻿&#x20;
63. Workflow- Sequence for approver is mismatched in preference config popup box and in pending workflow ﻿&#x20;
64. Workflow- Workflow in preference popup box is showing user name but in pending showing unknown when applied for user list or grade ﻿&#x20;
65. Workflow- When approver is set as reporting manager and application workflow is initiated then preference box is showing approver name but pending is showing unknown ﻿
66. Schedule report- cron not getting updated, from hourly to change once in day then also report receiving hourly ﻿&#x20;
67. creating the user through the JIT Message was rejected due to issue instant expiration ﻿&#x20;
68. PAM device is assigned then on access showing message for the disconnected ﻿&#x20;
69. AD Adaptor token- Token is showing Invalid ﻿&#x20;
70. PAM Device- showing processing plaese wait validation message with 403 forbidden error ﻿
71. Application- Showing processing please wait validation message. ﻿&#x20;
72. Loadtest-workflow page not loading ﻿&#x20;
73. Expired session: Showing blank page when clicked on user setting logout tab ﻿&#x20;
74. Suspend Config- User should be able to disable suspend config ﻿&#x20;
75. Deprovision- Deprovision via scheduler is not working ﻿
76. AD-Recon pull with update-If user data removed from AD and taking pull,then this data not updating in the cymmetri user data ﻿&#x20;
77. group push-not taking user in AD at the time of update ﻿&#x20;
78. Daily scheduler running late ﻿&#x20;
79. AD Application- Showing error when trying to update profile picture ﻿&#x20;
80. MFA- Rename SMS Authenticator to OTP Verification ﻿&#x20;
81. Global Auth-When the "Single Session > Block Session" setting is enabled, attempting to log in with the same user account should block the user even before verifying Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA). ﻿

## Known Bugs

1. Manager notification: receiving user name required manager name
2. Workflow initiated for form but form is getting updated without workflow approval.
3. In application setting if show to user flag off then also application show in recent application.
4. Unable to identify application properties data type where value is empty
