# 3.0.9-Beta

**Version: cloud\_3.0.1-beta product release**

**Date:** 03 November 2023

### <mark style="color:red;">**\*\***</mark><mark style="color:red;">To ensure the highest quality standards, some features in this version are marked for further refinement and will not be included in the current release. Please refer to the next approved release for updates and improvements.\*\*</mark>

## **New Features**

1. Provide show to user flag support in Application Setting .
   * Application Setting
     * **show to user**
       * If flag is off,then hide application from my access ➝ assigned application.
       * Delegation : If flag is off,then hide application from Delegation ➝ my access ➝ assigned application.
     * **user can request**
       * If flag is off,then hide application from my access ➝ request for assign application.
       * If flag is off, then hide application from On-behalf ➝ users ➝ request for assign application.
       * Delegation : If flag is off, then hide application from Delegation ➝ On-behalf ➝ users ➝ request for assign application.
2. Framework Upgrade: Java based services are updated for spring framework, spring boot, also updated utility libraries. Please note it may have impact on several functionalities.&#x20;
3. MFA attempt Admin User lock
   * MFA attempt config added in global auth policy
   * Self unlock flag to unlock the user during admin lock the user
4. Token Rolling period : Token start period should start before current server time.
5. Passwordless reset password : When password is required to be changed then user is forced to change password during login using passwordless.
6. Bearer Token subject is encrypted now in header.
7. cookies samesite attribute is being set to strict to all the cookies.
8. Active Directory new bundle (Using unboundid.ldap.sdk library) - Phase 1
   * Server Connector bundle name: simpleADServer Connector bundle version: 1.0Server Connector name: com.cymmetri.connector.simple.ad.SimpleADConnector
   * Added one field inside user configuration of active directory "Disable User With Date Time".

## Fixes

1. Policy Attribute- Add pagination
2. Teams Configuration- Showing route issue when saving new teams configuration
3. Passwordless- Passwordless page is showing blank when clicked on clicked on Passwordless button on Login page
4. Notification template- Increase spacing between Kathreftis Team and Disclaimer and remove space above
5. Login failed> User locked Template- Change notification template
6. My access> Applications- If an application is already present in a certain tag, when attempting to move it to another tag within the "All Applications" section, it should not be visible in the tag it is already associated with.
7. Login-Tab button should be applicable for enter password field when passwordless in enabled
8. AD Application- When assigning remote group to AD user, showing error
9. Passwordless- Passwordless page is showing blank when clicked on clicked on Passwordless button on Login page
10. Self-service app: On-behalf tab is loading late
11. Master> Zone- When editing zone then status is always changing to inactive
12. Authentication Rule- When user is trying to reset password having LDAP authentication active, then password is changing into target system first and reflecting older password in target system
13. PAM- Dormancy disabled config- By default config should be disabled
14. Audit-"action":"DORMANCY\_DISABLE\_COMPLETED" ,Data showing null,need to show data
15. PAM dormancy disabled showing failed
16. Deprovision- All three fields should be in one line
17. Policy Attribute- Add search filter in policy attribute
18. Delegation- Add cancel button after editing consent
19. My Access> Applications- When moving application from one tag to another, then validation message should be proper for end user to understand
20. Campaigns> Access Review > Campaign Manager- Sorting is not working
21. My Workspace> Inbox- Need to refresh page every time to see changes in started request
22. Global Auth Policy- Update message to "Auto Unlock MFA period should be less than Account Auto Unlock period."
23. Insights> Reports -Showing error message when disabling scheduler toggle
24. Application MFA update -on click Next button -getting in loop
25. PAM vault user-Confirm button should not be enable till any value entered
26. Validation message change-Change 1 days to 1 Day
27. Teams Config- Configuration should not be saved without adding condition
28. Teams - User is not able to lock/unlock account even after configuration in teams is enabled
29. Need to show proper error message when Maximum MFA attempts reached
30. Reset Password OTP -there is only OTP option is available then also showing error message for question
31. MFA- User not able to login via Consent based MFA showing error
32. Login- Showing error when trying to log in using secret question as MFA
33. Teams Configuration- Showing route issue when saving new teams configuration
34. MFA count gets reset, when admin mark lock to unlock
35. MFA- User is able to unlock account event after unlock user account time is not completed
36. Login with password less-password expiry should be consider and need to follow steps to reset
37. When admin lock user the take conformation, unlock yourself or lock lifetime
38. End date over user login-on forgot password this user should be validated and restrict,currently redirecting on MFA
39. Inactive user login-on forgot password this user should be validated and restrict,currently redirecting on MFA
40. Need to update audit when user attempt max MFA
41. MFA- User not able to login when user is trying to login using normal password flow
42. My workspace> Active Campaign- Latest selection should remain as it is.
43. Pagination persistence for users (when a user clicks on lets say 3rd page and go into the user details and when come back the pagination gets reset )
44. Application provisioning workflow- Assign application to user and then cancel it, still showing user assigned
45. My Access>Application> Tag- Search filter should be applied for tag applications as well
46. Add New Application Search , when no data is there the UI breaks and a No Data Found card should also be shown on screen
47. Login Page- User is not redirecting to mentioned login help page( Mentioned in Branding)
48. Cymmetri Mobile App- Changes required in secret question layout on login page
49. User Creation Workflow- When clicked on the cancel button on the workflow preference popup box, it should remain on the user creation page. For now it is cancelling the whole process
50. Branding- Show validation message if user miss to fill any fields and clicked on save button
51. Lifecycle mgmt>Workflow Configuration- Save button should be enabled when removing approver.
52. Suspend user-For device deleted message should be shown as Device Deleted
53. User Onboarding- When provision rule is trigged while onboarding user and any application is assigned to user then assigned tag should be shown in that application as showing in Groups
54. Configuration> Master- Accepting emoji values in Global Master
55. MFA- Secret question- Answer field should get blank after question is selected.
56. Delegation- After delegation time is completed, delegation configuration should be updated
57. Authentication Rule- When user is trying to reset password having LDAP authentication active, then password is changing into target system first and reflecting older password in target system
58. Global Auth- User should be able to set Account unlock and MFA unlock to minimum 1min
59. User-Account lock-Account is self lock then also on UI showing message user cannot unlock
60. User Setting- Showing user not found error message
61. Lifecycle Management || Applications redirects user to Identity Hub
62. Campaign- UI of Calendar field is not proper
63. Policy attribute- When removing policy attribute, that field is not getting removed also it is visible in policy map application field dropdown
64. Audit Log- When duplicating a tab and subsequently refreshing it, then audit log is displaying a random requestor ID
65. Global Auth Policy- "Allow Users to have" is displayed twice

## Known Bugs

1. Manager notification: receiving user name required manager name
2. AD Group pull || Only under 1000 member getting pulled (Connector Server Restriction)
3. Workflow initiated for form but form is getting updated without workflow approval.
4. In application setting if show to user flag off then also application show in recent application.
