# 3.1.12-Beta

#### New Feature

1. UI/UX-Build performance improved by 46% || Frontend framework upgrade (react-scripts)&#x20;
2. &#x20;Recommendation Engine Scheduler. It tells you about the running container for the particular tenant on the version page - QA done&#x20;
3. Movers Process (Phase 2):&#x20;

&#x20;      a. Ul performance optimisation, made new UI designs and implementation to boost the   performance by reducing API call compare to earlier Ul proposed.-Qa done&#x20;

&#x20;      b. Default scheduler (No execution)&#x20;

&#x20;      c. Added calculation for application ToSkip, application ToRemove and applicationToAdd (backend only).&#x20;

&#x20;      d. Refactor existing cymmetri user update API (backend) .&#x20;

&#x20;       1\. Manual Update-Qa Done&#x20;

&#x20;       2\. Reconciliation -Both exist update- Qa done&#x20;

&#x20;       3\. Teams -User update-Qa done&#x20;

&#x20;      4\. Delegation -> Teams -> User Update -Qa done&#x20;

&#x20;      5\. Manager assign Import -> Qa done&#x20;

&#x20;      6\. Manager Link Import -> Qa done&#x20;

&#x20;      7\. Manager gets a link while the user imports using csv. Qa done &#x20;

&#x20;      8\. Also manager assignment from UI- Qa done.

e. Refactor existing deprovision and provision rule execution.&#x20;

f. If mover configuration active then only calculations will perform for application to remove.

4. 360 recon support to simple LDAP-Failed, not working &#x20;
5. Exception Applications (Phase 1):&#x20;

&#x20;     a. Configuration&#x20;

&#x20;         i Schema&#x20;

&#x20;        ii. Masters&#x20;

&#x20;        iii. Template with application mapping&#x20;

&#x20;        iv. Quick Setup b. Self-service&#x20;

&#x20;          i. List exception applications&#x20;

&#x20;         ii. Request exception application&#x20;

6. Exception Applications (Phase 2):&#x20;

&#x20;        a. Exception workflow configuration

&#x20;        b. Workflow integration for exception application access request.

7. Movers Process (Phase 3):&#x20;

&#x20;       a. Mover dashboard for deprovisioned applications (without deprovision scheduler and mover- workflow)

#### Fixes

1. Recon Dashboard Push- Recon not getting failed when already one recon is in progress&#x20;
2. Recon Push-Recon is showing in progress even after execution is showing complete
3. Recommendation Schedular History- The job status should be updated to 'aborted' by the scheduler whenever the container stops midway, as displaying 'running' would be misleading&#x20;
4. Recon last run time taking when recon run for 360, Expected this time should be maintain separately&#x20;
5. Recommendation Config is marked inactive then also Recommendation Schedular History showing and vice a versa &#x20;
6. Mover process rule setup-Exclude application list loading slowly&#x20;
7. Version page showing error for the service provision and auth&#x20;
8. Import/Export-Showing error when exporting application&#x20;
9. Add experimental tag for the recommendation&#x20;
10. Partner portal-add user-country list not loading&#x20;
11. &#x20;Add "Aborted" status support&#x20;
12. Mover process rule setup-Exclude application list loading slowly&#x20;
13. Push Authenticator - Need to change the error message&#x20;
14. Campaign Download Report - Your Downloads - Search is not working&#x20;
15. Password Policy-Showing error while resetting password when first name or last name is kept dot(.) and reject password with first and last name checkbox is checked even if () is not available in password&#x20;
16. Campaign Notifications and Scheduling-while trying to save the details getting error" Please correct input and try again"&#x20;
17. Role Management - An informative icon should be added, specifying that only parent roles will be visible as it is creating confusion when importing roles and roles visible in list&#x20;
18. Recon last run time taking when recon run for 360, Expected this time should be maintain separately&#x20;
19. Cymmetri Selfservice App-Once we click on the web link from scanner, it should show confirmation popup on screen (Suggestion)&#x20;
20. Selfservice Mobile App - When app is in Quit state and open the app via scanner(camera), it is not redirecting to login page of the website&#x20;
21. Advanced Analytics - Cron expression not updated as per user configured&#x20;
22. Recon History - Start Date time / End date time is not showing in descending order in grid
23. . Advanced Analytics-Scheduled report emails are still being triggered even after the saved Dashlet has been deleted.&#x20;
24. Advanced Analytics-Not able to disable scheduled email report, even after saved dashlets is disabled&#x20;
25. Campaign-Downloads Report - Your download section - While dicking on download icon-Getting error "utilsrvc invalid argument"&#x20;
26. Campaign-Download Report - While downloading the report, in audit logs showing error and in download section showing "Pending"&#x20;
27. My workspace> My access-Showing API error when clicked on menu action&#x20;
28. Test PROVISION-Showing error while testing configuration&#x20;
29. Domain Admin Role-Showing processing please wait message when clicked on configuration/logs
30. OnDemand Access- Application based form enabled- Showing blank page when role is not selected while requesting application&#x20;
31. Application-Form-When submitted as blank, after assigning the application page is getting blank.&#x20;
32. Global Apps Access-The application request assignment remains uncleared if the workflow popup box is canceled&#x20;
33. Provision Rule/ OnDemand Rule-Showing similar roles options in dropdown&#x20;
34. Amaya Quick Setup - Not able to Test Connection in Amaya&#x20;
35. SOD-In inbox, api is failing for sod risk 403 forbidden&#x20;
36. SOD-Inbox-Showing wrong Current risk score data for the requested user&#x20;
37. SOD-Add projected risk violations details in Inbox section&#x20;
38. 360 recon configuration-need to provide edit&#x20;
39. Import Application Role Import History- Application name is not present in Import History in the grid and in the view page&#x20;
40. Bulk Application Unassignment - Import History- Application name is not present in Import History in the grid and in the view page.&#x20;
41. Bulk Application assignment - Import History- Application name is not present in Import History in the grid and in view page&#x20;
42. Domain admin specific-Domain admin is not able to assign RBAC to normal users, also no error message is shown on Ul &#x20;
43. Time based Application> Mandatory 1 role enabled- Showing 1 role mandatory error when requesting application extension for application already having role assigned
44. Audit log not present, when application assign via provision rule with condition rbac &#x20;
45. Pending Workflow and Workflow list - Update the spelling "requestd" to "requested in topic&#x20;
46. Exception Access Template - While changing the status to inactive via toggle, in edit it is still showing active &#x20;
47. Exceptional Access-Template - By default status is showing as active&#x20;
48. Exceptional Access - While changing the pagination on master section, and move to template section. No data is getting displayed on tempate, master page&#x20;
49. External Authentication- Cymmetri login page should not load after external authentication when accessing an application via the SP-initiated flow&#x20;
50. Mover-User not getting detected in mover when mover configuration is with custom attribute
51. &#x20;Mover configuration save with excluded app-consider Deleted app check in the API &#x20;
52. AD Application- Disable movement is yes: Application is not getting delete even after deleting user from Cymmetri&#x20;
53. Exception Access - While creating duplicate records in schema, showing error "Hook Already present"&#x20;
54. Exception Access - Templates-Select Applications and Roles - Ul is breaking in footer and add select application in placeholder of application

#### Known Bugs

1. &#x20;manager notification receiving user name required manager name&#x20;
2. In application setting if show to user flag off then also application show in recent application. &#x20;
3. Amaya Unable to identify application properties data type where value is empty &#x20;
4. Amaya || Create user operation fails due to invalid password&#x20;
5. Reports-Records are getting displayed after 11min approximately&#x20;
6. recommendation run for tenant 2711 taken 2 days,3 hours, 8 minutes, and 12 seconds for 345,000 users

