# 3.1.13-Beta

#### New Features

1. Redis Cache&#x20;
2. &#x20;Movers Process (Phase 4): QAinprogress&#x20;

&#x20;  a. Mover deprovision scheduler Si&#x20;

&#x20;   b. Mover workflow&#x20;

&#x20;   c. Mover Dashboard enhancement&#x20;

&#x20;   d. Mover notification&#x20;

3\. Recommendation Engine: Highlighted the SOD Rule (name) being violated during the recommendation to user.&#x20;

4. APIEXT:-&#x20;

a. Expose new API for implementation team to get user base on email, login and displayName (Email sent to implementation team \<Cymmetri || customGetUser API to get user>)&#x20;

4. Application Assignments User assign Failure/Pending assignment user list Integration &#x20;
5. 360 Recon support in SimpleLDAP &#x20;
6. Default Workflow Rule: Default workflow rule is a workflow rule configure without condition which trigger if no any rule matches for specific event.

&#x20;a. The Default Workflow Rule can be created for the following workflow events:

* User Creation
* Application Provisioning
* Application Deprovisioning&#x20;
* Workflow Setup&#x20;
* Application Role&#x20;
* Decommission Device&#x20;
* Application Update&#x20;
* Access Review Reject&#x20;
* User Delete&#x20;
* Form Logic Workflow&#x20;
* Exception Application&#x20;
* Movers

#### Fixes

1. Access Review - If approver is deleted, when campaign manager clicks on Applications, getting error "IGSRVC Unknown"&#x20;
2. Import user via csv- When a default value is specified in any column, users should be able to search using that default value after the import&#x20;
3. Campaign - Your Downloads section - Name should be shown properly without extra text i.e access\_review and id of the campaign and timestamp, also one record is showing access\_review\_history with campaign name&#x20;
4. Exceptional Access - While creating duplicate records in master--attribute, showing error in audit log" write operation.."&#x20;
5. SOD-In inbox, api is failing for sod risk 403 forbidden&#x20;
6. Import user via csv- When a default value is specified in any column, users should be able to search using that default value after the import &#x20;
7. Provision Rule/ OnDemand Rule- Showing similar roles options in dropdown&#x20;
8. Identity Hub> Application-Application taking time to load&#x20;
9. Provision rule-for group add i icon&#x20;
10. My Delegation- Application logo is not visible in exclude application list&#x20;
11. Bulk Application Unassignment - Import History- Application name is not present in Import History in the grid and in the view page
12. Domain Admin Role-Showing processing please wait message when clicked on configuration/logs&#x20;
13. Domain admin specific- Domain admin is not able to assign RBAC to normal users, also no error message is shown on UI&#x20;
14. Import Application Role - Import History- Application name is not present in Import History in the grid and in the view page&#x20;
15. Bulk Application assignment - Import History- Application name is not present in Import History in the grid and in view page&#x20;
16. Bulk Application Unassignment - Import History- Application name is not present in Import History in the grid and in the view page&#x20;
17. Time based Application> Mandatory 1 role enabled- Showing 1 role mandatory error when requesting application extension for application already having role assigned&#x20;
18. Access Review - If approver is deleted, when campaign manager clicks on Applications, getting error "IGSRVC Unknown"&#x20;
19. Pending Workflow and Workflow list - Update the spelling "requestd " to "requested in topic&#x20;
20. &#x20;Audit log not present, when application assign via provision rule with condition rbac&#x20;
21. Campaign - Your Downloads section - Name should be shown properly without extra text i.e access\_review and id of the campaign and timestamp, also one record is showing access\_review\_history with campaign name&#x20;
22. versions-cisodashboardsrvc showing error when connected without VPN&#x20;
23. 360 recon configuration-need to provide edit
24. Campaign - Downloads Report - Your download section - While clicking on download icon - Getting error "utilsrvc\_invalid argument" &#x20;
25. Scheduler/Scheduler history filter with mover MOVER\_PROCESS not present in the Scheduler Reference Type and Entity &#x20;
26. Application Provisioning - LDAP - While saving the config, getting error" bad request"&#x20;
27. Hook Configuration- SMS Script- Remove) from sample script&#x20;
28. &#x20;Edit user-Custom attribute is disabled and custom attribute is mandatory then also user getting save&#x20;
29. SOD-Inbox - In achieve section of approver, close request of requestor and in workflow list values in current risk score and projected risk score is getting updated&#x20;
30. SOD- Already configured roles should be disabled in dropdown &#x20;
31. SOD-Policies> Policies> Link Rule- Label change required&#x20;
32. Mover history detail need to show username and remove time&#x20;
33. inbox-Mover workflow-need to show all roles on hover, currently getting hide&#x20;
34. Mover dashboard-User detected in mover and after deleted user, user detail showing error&#x20;
35. &#x20;Inbox- While scrolling the inbox when reaching the end it takes back to beginning.&#x20;
36. Provision rule-for group add i icon

#### Known Bugs

1. manager notification: receiving user name required manager name&#x20;
2. In application setting if show to user flag off then also application show in recent application.&#x20;
3. &#x20;Amaya || Unable to identify application properties data type where value is empty&#x20;
4. &#x20;Amaya || Create user operation fails due to invalid password&#x20;
5. Reports- Records are getting displayed after 11min approximately&#x20;
6. recommendation run for tenant 2711 taken 2 days, 3 hours, 8 minutes, and 12 seconds for 345,000 users

