# 3.1.6 -Beta

#### New Feature

1. Logic - The FormLogic functionality, enables you to store custom data using flexible, administrator-defined forms. It empowers you to create forms tailored to your specific data collection requirements, providing a versatile solution for various data management needs.
2. 360 Degree Reconciliation - Compare tab added to the current feature, where the user can compare with the source application and target application and further generate reports and download CSV.
3. SkipPasswordExpiry - We are enhancing our Password Policy by introducing a new field, SkipPasswordExpiry, within the PasswordChangeRule. This enhancement allows users to opt out of the password expiry process entirely. When the SkipPasswordExpiry field is enabled, users will not receive warnings or notifications about password expiry, nor will they be prompted to change their password due to its expiration.
4. Connector a. SimpleLDAP application
5. ICICI Client - Role-Based form delivery in IGA.
6. SDK-based integration to send mobile push notifications to mitigate legacy API issues: a. Fido Based Notifications b. Normal Push Based Notifications
7. The LDAP adapter has been updated with a new feature that eliminates the need to enter a username and password for each execution.

Fixes

1. Time-based Application: Timebased application assignment message spelling incorrect
2. Deprovision- When applications are assigned via group and deprovision is executed all the applications should get deleted.
3. Teams - Suspended Users - List View - Edit - It is redirecting to Users but showing blank screen
4. Application Search: When clicking on "View More Applications" and searching for an application, the application is not being found.
5. Pending Staging- When no records are present on the page, the "Select All" button should be disabled like the other buttons.
6. User Onboarding - Dropdowns are not loading when creating a user after adding an Admin during the registration process.
7. Global search - Pending action is not coming in global search
8. Form logic-Configured Forms -On click setting icon screen getting flicker
9. Selfservice Submit form-Update error message and backend error code if pre and post hook script having error.
10. Form logic-on form submit close form
11. Form logic-Selfservice-My Form Submissions pagination, page getting blank
12. Archived Forms detail-Revision data showing wrong, showing non existing list
13. Form logic-After changing form schema, form detail showing blank
14. Form logic-User submissions-Provide search by taskeid,username,loginid
15. Form logic-on all screen search only working for the exact case, expeted should be work for matching cases
16. Form logic-Form table-sorting not working
17. Form logic-Pre and post hook should be non mandatory
18. Form map with rule-if form map more than defined limit then error message showing only one time
19. Staging users details - Version history log user details not loading
20. Form logic-Configured form and archive form detail, back button behaviour is not as ex\[ected, need to click multiple time.
21. Form logic-Form Access Rules-Link form, save button should be disabled till form selection
22. form logic- if request is timeout or fail then feature showing diabled
23. Form logic-User submissions-Provide date filter
24. Workflow || Additional Form Info || Readonly text-based form submissions
