# 3.1.1-Beta

#### New Features

1. Framework Upgrade: Java-based services are updated for spring framework, spring boot, and updated utility libraries. Please note it may impact several functionalities:\
   a. Access Review \
   b. Risk Engine \
   c. Data Logger \
   d. Reports \
   e. Webhook Sample
2. Provision rule module updated to support (type: user type and Converter Type: String ) custom attributes as condition parameters.
3. Support added for address1 and address2 field in user for the following:\
   a) User Import via CSV File \
   b) Reconciliation Application \
   c) Amaya Application \
   d) JIT \
   e) Workflow - Inbox > user details, should address fields be visible Pending workflow > user details, should address fields be visible Archive > user details, should address fields be visible\
   f) In the SSO profile mapping drop-down these fields should be visible.
4. Workflow: \
   a. Menu Action: Update the topic of the workflow request for menu action. \
   b. My Request: In My Workspace ➝ Inbox ➝ My Request, we show a list of requests that are requested for logged-in users. Now we provide support to show a list of requests which is requested by logged-in users. So now we are showing both requests which are requested and requests for logged-in users.&#x20;
5. 360 Degree Reconciliation: a. Migrated APIs from Python to Java, since it was a major roadblock for performance.
6. Webhook sample API details \
   a. Added remark of appId in URL
7. UI improvement - Global search bar (ctrl + k) search result improvement
8. Screenshot Removed right side panel in my workspace dashboard which previously showed no. of pending workflow requests with the user
9. Cymmetri Verify App - A sync service will run to check the pending notification actions that did not take place because the app was in a closed-on-background state and will sync the data based on the notifications
10. Cymmetri Self-Service App - Earlier to register a tenant in cymmetri self-service we used to scan from our app to register a tenant but now you can use any camera or any scanner of that sort to register a tenant
11. UI Improvement - "Test Connection" should be prevented when an operation is not configured
12. SLO- Reverted as business case gap in the developed feature
13. Breached Password (Pwned Password 98crores+) Integration with Password policy.
14. Common adaptive data moved to master db: a. ipreputation b. short-lived domain c. breached password
15. MFA: Encrypt userName(login) in the request of API user behavior initiateKeystrokeCheck.
16. Suspend Resume:\
    a. After the resume of the user's end date is clear and the user acts as a fresh user

#### Fixes

1. PAM Workflow- Meta condition workflow for devices is not getting triggered.
2. The dashboard count is mismatched.
3. Policy Map- Cymmetri field dropdown should contain Address1 and Address2 fields
4. Autofill API sorts in alphabetic order for JSON objects for create/update
5. Onboarding || User should be able to unselect an application
6. Add and Edit password policy-need to g\show exact labels for the fields
7. Identity hub>User create- When importing users space should get eliminated
8. ServiceNow CURL Import not working
9. "Test Connection" should be prevented when an operation is not configured
10. TEAMS-Users profile pic not showing
11. My workspace- Teams- Showing processing please wait validation message
12. creating the user through the JIT Message was rejected due to the issue of instant expiration
13. Campaign- The Google Workspace application name is not visible in the campaign
14. AD application New bundle- Showing error while importing group having special symbol(-) for recon
15. Application recon pull configuration-recon pull configuration vanished suddenly
16. login with domain admin-need to provide Adaptive menu access
17. AD recon user push- When recon is executed in exist on Cymmetri and does not exist in target = Unlink, the operation should have been executed in Ignore case
18. AD Application new bundle- Group recon pull operation is showing in ignore state but still, groups are imported in Cymmetri
19. AD New Bundle>Address Field- Not able to add AD application when address fields are mapped, showing error
20. AD new bundle- When an AD application is assigned to a remote group, the application is highlighted
21. Cymmetri Verify App - While deleting the account from Cymmetri authenticator, TOTP is not getting
22. Custom attribute- Even when a custom attribute is disabled from the configuration, it remains visible
23. Cymmetri Verify App- For old tenants before env was considered if that totp is used for auto-verified
24. Custom Attribute-Provision- When a custom attribute with special characters is created and applied
25. Grade workflow- When workflow over workflow is assigned and is approved by the approver, still workflow is still not updated
26. Cymmetri Self-service App - Once we click on the web link from the scanner, it should show confirmation
27. Self-service Mobile App - When an app is in a Quit state and the app is via a scanner(camera), it is not redirected to the login page of the website
28. JIT- Once the default value is set, the user is unable to edit it, and when attempting to edit, the default toggle is shown as disabled
29. API SSO- Profile mapping configuration is not working
30. Provision Rule - Custom Attribute - Value field is not accepting space
31. AD Application New bundle- The "Application assigned successfully" message should not be shown when the test provision has failed and the application is assigned to a remote group
32. Azure authorization curl is mis-imported
33. Provision Rule - The existing rule configuration with the custom attribute is not working.
34. Audit log-for-date filter add default date is Today
35. User import-file size upload issue
36. Cymmetri Verify App - While deleting the account from Cymmetri authenticator, TOTP is not getting removed automatically
37. Cymmetri Verify App - While authenticating automatically via cymmetri authenticator, the "user not found" message comes twice in the iOS device.
38. Cymmetri Verify App- For old tenants before env was considered if that totp is used for auto verification it shows the user has not found the need to add that compatibility as well, via Passwordless (TOTP)
39. AD authentication- Showing invalid token error
40. Tenant creation not working
41. MFA- Factors showing empty
42. Breach password- Asking webauth, this factor is only for passwordless
43. MFA- The user, is not able to login when the user is trying to login using the normal password flow
44. Teams config- When the team configuration is inactive or does not match the conditions, an error message is displayed after logging in from the user account, yet all data is still shown
45. Adaptive service responding slow in load testing
46. AD Application new bundle- When the Unassign/Deprovision reconciliation is executed for group pull/push, the group should not be deleted from Active Directory
47. Provision rule - The application is not getting configured for the second condition present in the OR condition
48. SAML- Showing saml type mismatch error when the user is trying to click on Gmail via SP-initiated process
49. when the user creates via JIT then the user creation workflow should be skipped
50. PAM-Vaulting Configuration-AD test showing route issue
51. Login page- The user is not able to login when MFA is enabled( Prod issue)
52. Reports- When the report is scheduled, Scheduler history shows content not found and the execution status is aborted
53. AD Application new Bundle- Audit log for pending records should be shown when executing recon user push for failed provision test
54. Grade workflow- When workflow over workflow is assigned and is approved by the approver, still workflow is still not updated
55. Time-based application- Scheduler is executed even when a user is moved to suspended
56. Workflow- User creation using JIT(external IDP Azure)- Workflow is not getting triggered
57. Password policy- password rule updated with contains instead of exact match
58. Self-service-My request takes time to load if more data present
59. Teams config- When the team configuration is inactive or does not match the conditions, an error message is displayed after logging in from the user account, yet all data is still shown
60. FIDO-On push approve showing message something went wrong
61. User lock- When a user account is active, and the same account is logged in through another browser, and by any means, the account gets locked, the first session should get terminated.
62. Workflow Application Deprovision- Workflow is applied for (Role1) but when removing role 2 still workflow is getting initiated.
63. JIT- Once the default value is set, the user is unable to edit it, and when attempting to edit, the default toggle is shown as disabled
64. Recon Group PUSH- When recon is executed for both existing Deprovision, then the group should be deleted from the Target application and not from Cymmetri
65. PAM-Add/Edit vault user showing error
66. MFA push location showing unknown
67. /mfasrvc/userbehaviour/initiateKeystrokeCheck in this API login going in plain text expected encrypted.
68. MFA- Factors showing empty
69. AD New Bundle- Available Records should be synced when recon is executed for the first time after executing recon in the ignore case
70. Audit- Change archive to Suspend when user is deleted and moved to suspend users
71. AD application new bundle - When SAMaccount name is set to false in the Group policy map, members are not assigned in the group when recon Pull is executed for both exist=Update
72. Recon Group PUSH- When recon is executed for both existing Deprovision, then the group should be deleted from the Target application and not from Cymmetri
73. Identity Hub-Group- Change Audit log message
74. AD Application- When the group is unassigned via recon, users, and applications are deleted but the group is not
75. File Uploads, Filename length validation should be inclusive of the file name and extensions
76. User import-file size upload issue
77. AD Recon group Push- When recon is executed for a group that exists in Cymmetri and does not exist in the target system Operation should be shown in Ignore case as no action is performed on Groups
78. Remote Group- When the user is added to the remote group, the count should be increased automatically or after changing tabs
79. Recon Push Users- Multiple entries for the same users are visible in Recon History.
80. MFA- When push authentication is enabled and MFA rules are saved, but then Push auth is disabled from MFA factors, users are still prompted for push authentication when attempting to log in
81. Deprovision: After resuming a user from the suspended user list and applying deprovisioning via a scheduler with no end date, the user is still being deprovisioned again
82. Workflow metacondition- The Metacondition name is getting reset after selecting
83. AD group attribute- When the member attribute is clicked, it redirects to the assignment page
84. While creating the custom attribute with the same name as the provision rule options, the application is not getting assigned
85. External IDP Rule- When the external IDP authentication rule condition matches the user details, the user is unable to log in to the external IDP. Additionally, when that user is locked, an 'Invalid Auth Config' error message is shown.
86. Provision Rule - Custom Attribute - If the list of custom attributes is more than 10 records while selecting and saving the 11 key, it is not getting saved
87. When the user deletes, add more information in the audit log under the event attribute
88. Amaya-On update token screen getting blank

#### Known Bugs

1. Manager notification: receiving user name required manager name
2. In the application setting if to user flag is off then the also application shows in the recent application.
3. Unable to identify application properties data type where value is empty
