# 3.1.18

1. JMS Queue with ActiveMQ and Redis Streams. JMS (Jave Message Service) is a messaging standard that allows applications to communicate asynchronously. ActiveMQ is a popular open-source JMS provider that supports messages queries and topics, ensuring reliable message delivery. Redis streams is a high performance, logs based messaging system provided by Redis, designed for real-time event processing and data streaming.
2. External SOD violation:&#x20;

Preventive approach for checking the potential violation of the user to stop violations from occurring.

3. New notification templates added for application assign/un-assign/update, post workflow emails

a) Target User Notification (The user for whom application event is triggered)

b) Requester Notification (The user for who initiated application event for the target user)

4. SoD Ul changes for rule description and conflicts details shown on teams and Inbox page.
5. SoD bug fix for multiple rules conflicted under same SoD policy. mentioned as jira issue by EY.
6. Reconciliation added an option to view recon summary in the table without entering the inner page.
7. Separation of SSO and PAM -

&#x20;This feature enables the separation of Single Sign-On (SSO) and Privileged Access Management (PAM) based on a configurable property. When the property value is set to true, both SSO and PAM are active. If the property

8. Unique Workflow Task ID Generation Enhancement

&#x20;The logic for generating unique Task IDs in the workflow has been modified. Task IDs are now generated based on configurable properties, including task ID length and allowed characters.

9. Manual database migration scripts

&#x20;On Admin dashboard a warming popup will appear if any migration script is pending for execution. Some migration scripts needs to be executed manually on respective tenant database. If this popup appears then system administrator needs to execute mentioned scripts manually.

10. Rehiring Process-

Current Process

We currently do not have a rehiring process in the product. However, if a user is resumed from the suspended state, all applications get cleaned, and the provision rule for birthright applications is assigned.

Modified Process for MMFSL Requirements:

For MMFSL, we have modified the resume logic for suspend to resume. The following changes will take place for the applications

a. AD (Active Directory): When a user is resumed, their current group and Organizational Unit (OU) state at the time of deletion will be restored.

b. REST and DB: For REST applications, the role will be restored, and the update application for user will trigger accordingly.

Other Applications: For all other applications, the user update will trigger.

11. Suspend to Archive Movement -

When a user is moved from suspend to archive, the final delete call for provisioning will be triggered based on a flag(properties basis default is true ce, it will trigger for final delete call if you want to stop this flag value need to set as false) Please ensure this behavior is validated and let us know if there are any discrepancies.

12. Suspend User Movement During User Deletion -

When a user is deleted and moved to the suspended state, the current assigned application and its status will be logged in USER CHANGE STATUS action audit log eventAttribute for better traceability.

13. Reconciliation Modification -

a. For both exist case if application not assign then user update will not happened added remark for application not present so skiping this also mark as error.

b. For both exist link added validation for if application already assign then skipping this user also added in reconciliation history remark.

c. Reconciliation support for multipod (Now reconciliation will run on multiple pods at same time).

14. Migrated the Spring Boot framework to version 3.4.4, also upgraded to various libraries.

### Fixes

1. Workflow - User creation - If condition is set as vendor, while uploading the user present in the sample, workflow is not getting initiated.
2. Workflow Rule Evaluator- Pagination is not applied for large amount of workflows
3. On-Demand Config- Save button should be disabled if condition is not entered
4. Import Application Role - Import History- Application name is not present in Import History in the grid and in the view page
5. My Access Application- Ul after selecting date for the time-based application is getting disturbed.
6. Inbox- While approving the old request, in archive it is not showing on the top, it is showing when the request was initiated.
7. Pending initial login- Session for initial pending login user in API is showing as false
8. Notification: Same notification is triggered multiple times to user when application is self requested by user
9. User-Activity-From and To date, by default should be selected todays
10. Workflow Rule Evaluator- Pagination is not applied for large amount of workflows
11. Configuration-Attribute Setting tab showing error
12. Bulk action detail view-Show group name on detail view
13. Amaya- Recon- Not showing logs for error records and Showing UTILSRC.ALREADY\_EXISTS error message when performing recon pull

### &#x20;Known Bugs

1. manager notification: receiving user name required manager name
2. In application setting if show to user flag off then also application show in recent application.
3. Amaya || Unable to identify application properties data type where value is empty
4. Known || Amaya || Create user operation fails due to invalid password
5. Reports- Records are getting displayed after 11min approximately
6. recommendation run for tenant 2711 taken 2 days, 3 hours, 8 minutes, and 12 seconds for 345,000 users
7. Time-Based application Role - The role should be disabled if it has already been saved during the initial configuration
8. Reconciliation history detail-Recon yet not started then also showing completed
9. Assign Application To User: "While typing application name it do not display same application"
10. Campaign- Redis- Applications are not getting deprovisioned when rejected from Active Approver account
