# 3.1.15 - Product Release

## New Features

**1. User Management**

* **User Threshold**
  * General configuration for the threshold updated.
  * UI changes for:
    * Creation, updation, and deletion of users.
    * Retry staging users from the staging dashboard.
    * Archive for user threshold
    * Updated Email Title and Template.
  * Notifications for user threshold:
    * Notification field made mandatory.
    * Org Admin set as default notifier (not supported for old tenants).
    * Notification Field in User Threshold Config for delete users
  * Staging dashboard:
    * Updates to the staging dashboard view and error messages.
    * Display names shown during threshold delete operations.
  * Manual “Move to Archive” button added for staging users.
  * Failure handling for moving staging users to archive, including audit log display.
* **User Directory Search**
  * Quick search updated to support:
    * Employee ID, email, mobile, first name, last name, middle name, display name, login.
  * Dropped support for: grade, userType, department, designation, custom attributes.
* **Email Validation**
  * Removal of Email validation from backend

**2. Workflow**

* **Custom Attributes in Workflow Rule Events**
  * Supported events:
    * User Creation
    * Application Provisioning, Deprovisioning, and Update
* **Pending Workflow Enhancements**
  * Reassign user functionality added to the inner page.
  * Requester and requestedFor columns added.
* **UI/ UX Changes**
  * The inbox title within the workflow setup event now displays the workflow name.
  * The Pending Workflow List now includes 'Requester' and 'Requested For' columns for display.
  * User details section in Inbox Requests will now include assigned application details
  * Workflow Inbox will now include start date and end date filters.
* **User Delete Workflow**
  * Workflow and rule configuration support added.
* **Workflow assignee escalation:**
  * If the workflow-task assignee is the same as target-user/requester then assign task to assignee's reporting-manager. Application level configuration support provided, default is disabled.
* **Default Workflow Rule**
  * A workflow rule that is configured without any conditions, It triggers when no other rule matches. Supported events include:
    * User Creation, Application Provisioning, Application Deprovisioning, Workflow Setup, Application Role, Decommission Device, Application Update, Access Review Reject, User Delete, Form Logic Workflow, Exception Application, Movers

**3. UI/UX Enhancements**

* Warning added || Application Config Import Modal || Auto 'Create Only' for User Principal policy mappings
* Amaya || Add support for JSON body validation through validate button
* Inconsistent button placement across certain modules has been rectified by aligning them to a standardized position below.
* Onboarding Walkthrough for new users.
* Audit log comparison for oldObject and newObject when they are in detailed format
* QR code zoom feature added to FIDO, TOTP, and push authenticator scanners.
* Improved runtime error handling with a sitewide error page.
* Enhanced build performance by 46%.

**4. Identity Governance**

* **RecommendationEngine**
  * Enables seamless integration and management of application and role recommendations.
  * Supports generation of personalized application and role suggestions.
  * Supports the automatic synchronisation of data from various sources, ensuring that recommendations are always based on the user behaviour.
  * All recommendation engine configurations, data synchronisation are stored and can be easily retrieved and updated as needed.
  * Campaign and workflow integration for approvals and recommendations.
  * Scheduler history provided with container status.
  * **Campaign**: Recommendation details shown on assignment approver action in campaign for campaign assign.
  * **Inbox:** Recommendation on application assignment workflow request in inbox for approver.
* **Role Based Forms**
  * Per role form request was introduced which enabled to invoke a new form for every new role requested by the end user
* **Improved Campaign Visibility & Control**
  * Includes notifications for Managers, internal users, and external emails, along with downloadable campaign reports.
* The ability to extend running campaigns provided and Initial planned end dates visible in tooltip after the campaign gets extended
* Save as Draft feature is provided in approvers view, where approver can select and approve multiple requests as draft and then save all of them as one.
* **Recommendation Scheduler History:** Provides information on whether the recommendation engine is configured, along with the scheduler history, including its status (running or completed) and the number of records processed.
* **Recommendation Engine Scheduler:** It tells you about the running container for the particular tenant on the version page
* Highlighted the SOD Rule (name) being violated during the recommendation to the user

**5. Mover Process**

* Gradual rollout across phases:
  * Phase 1: UI configuration without backend integration.
  * Phase 2:
    * UI performance optimisation, made new UI designs and implementation to boost the performance by reducing API call compare to earlier UI proposed
    * Default scheduler (No execution)
    * Added calculation for applicationToSkip, applicationToRemove and applicationToAdd (backend only).
    * Refactor existing Cymmetri user update API (backend) .
      * Manual Update
      * Reconciliation -Both exist update
      * Teams -User update
      * Delegation -> Teams -> User Update
      * Manager assign Import
      * Manager Link Import
      * Manager gets a link while the user imports using csv.
      * Also manager assignment from UI
    * Refactor existing deprovision and provision rule execution
    * If mover configuration is active then only calculations will perform for application to remove.
  * Phase 3: Dashboard for deprovisioned apps
  * Phase 4: Deprovision Scheduler, Workflow, Dashboard Enhancements, and Notifications.

**6. Application Management**

* **Reconciliation**
  * 360 Degree Reconciliation:
    * Compare tab for comparing source and target applications.
    * Generate and download csv reports.
  * Reconciliation Dashboard Enhancements:
    * Reconciliation Filters,
    * Partial job failure handling, and
    * Reconciliation job notification configs.
    * Removed global-level and added application-level recon notification configuration.
    * Added a new recon failure notification template.
  * Reconciliation Activity Log - Show previous and next 10 minutes activity log for each reconciled entity (user/group)
  * 360 degree recon support for Simple LDAP Application
* **Exceptional Applications**
  * Configuration Side
    * Schema, Masters, and Template with application mapping
    * Quick Setup
  * Self-service Side
    * List Exception Applications
    * Request Exception Application functionality
  * Workflow integration and dashboard for exception requests.
  * Exception workflow configuration and invocation of the workflow for exception application access requests.
* **Bulk Application Un-assignment**
  * Bulk Application Un-assignment allows administrators to remove access to applications and roles from multiple users simultaneously using a CSV file.
* **On Demand Access**
  * On Demand Access Request offers the capability to define on-demand roles, allowing administrators to enable access dynamically.
* **Global Apps**
  * Global Apps allows the user to configure applications that are applicable to all the users which are not available via On Demand or Exceptional Applications Configuration
* Role description is provided under the role name whenever an application is requested.
* **Role Management**
  * Parent and child role support added in CSV imports and manual role creation.
* Application ➝ Assignments ➝ User assign ➝ Failure/Pending assignment user list Integration

#### **7. Data Logger** <a href="#wwk0nfqrmvr" id="wwk0nfqrmvr"></a>

* Data logger service version information added.
* Optimized the data-logging framework for better performance.
* Full sync support adde&#x64;_(this step is an optional step and required only if any of the below conditions match)_,
  * Tenant audit database is not present, or
  * Tenant audit database is corrupt so fresh setup is required.

#### **8. Tenant Registration** <a href="#sdc2t0fhwvf4" id="sdc2t0fhwvf4"></a>

* Optimized the tenant registration database creation process.
* **Tenant Registration Process Resumption:** If the tenant registration process is interrupted, it can be seamlessly resumed and completed using the existing account configuration. The registration process can be resumed from the following stages:
  * Pending OTP Verification
  * Incomplete Credential Setup

#### **9. SSO (Single Sign-On) and TOTP Config** <a href="#gfxqxcw6ip1i" id="gfxqxcw6ip1i"></a>

* **External IDP SSO:** Added support to log in to Cymmetri as an external identity provider for IDP-initiated SSO.
* **SAML IDP SSO:** Added support to send IDP-initiated (Cymmetri) SSO response to Cymmetri as a service provider.

#### **10. MFA (Multi-Factor Authentication)** <a href="#id-8rg3u0kacyl2" id="id-8rg3u0kacyl2"></a>

* **TOTP Config:**
  * Look-ahead window: Added support for 0 as an option inside the dropdown.
* **SDK Integration:**
  * Implementing SDK integration for mobile push notifications to resolve issues with the existing legacy API of:
    * Fido Based Notifications and
    * Normal Push Based Notifications

#### **11. Form Logic** <a href="#snut7vxnpw70" id="snut7vxnpw70"></a>

* The Form Logic functionality enables you to store custom data using flexible, administrator-defined forms.
* It empowers you to create forms tailored to your specific data collection requirements, providing a versatile solution for various data management need&#x73;**.**
* Form Logic webhook sample request schema and sample script updated for user details.

#### **12. SkipPasswordExpiry** <a href="#csdo5w7u07uc" id="csdo5w7u07uc"></a>

* Skip Password Expiry has been added to the PasswordChangeRule.
* This option allows administrators to exempt specific users or groups from the regular password expiration process.
* When enabled for a user, they will not receive any warnings or notifications regarding password expiry, and they will not be required to change their passwords due to expiration.

#### **13. Connector** <a href="#oalb2ud302ne" id="oalb2ud302ne"></a>

#### **Active Directory and SimpleAD Connector** <a href="#id-1vhl0hz0ma2z" id="id-1vhl0hz0ma2z"></a>

* Active Directory || SimpleAD Connector upgrade
  * UserAccountControl attribute support added
  * memberOf attribute support in manage system viewer
  * ProxyAttribute attribute support added
* **Amaya**
  * Added the following templates for quick setup:
    * Atlassian
    * Zoho CRM
    * Zoho Desk
    * Zoho Books
    * Zoho Expenses
  * General Config based role data type
  * Provided support for integer values for ROLE assignment through Amaya.
* **LDAP Connector**
  * A new connector named 'SimpleLDAP' has been added for connecting to LDAP Applications.
  * The LDAP adapter has been updated with a new feature that eliminates the need to enter a username and password for each execution.
* **ScriptOn(Database) Connector**
  * Manual Link operation support added

#### **14. Configuration** <a href="#idwtgtmc8rjx" id="idwtgtmc8rjx"></a>

* **Email Configuration Update**
  * Mail Username and Password fields no longer require validation, allowing them to be empty. This is because some email servers do not require authentication.
  * Other fields, such as Mail Port, Mail Host, and Mail Sender, still require validation to ensure proper email functionality

#### **15. Insights** <a href="#ap8m25a48glf" id="ap8m25a48glf"></a>

#### **Identity Analytics** <a href="#o3c2374bkws9" id="o3c2374bkws9"></a>

* **Reports Email Scheduling**
  * Configuration support added for fetching a report of current business day.

**Advanced Analytics**

* Authentication Data model created
* Support for downloading reports in CSV or PDF.
* **Generate Report**
  * New Generate Report button when viewing reports in Insights > Reports > View icon

#### **16. Logs** <a href="#mq0owkr4vl9z" id="mq0owkr4vl9z"></a>

* **External Logs**
  * This feature provides a centralised way to capture and view logs from external applications interacting with Cymmetri via webhooks or batch tasks.
  * This enables administrators to debug external interactions directly within Cymmetri, simplifying the monitoring and troubleshooting process

#### **17. Backend Enhancements** <a href="#be4qz5fpao1b" id="be4qz5fpao1b"></a>

* #### **End-to-End Encryption** <a href="#v83z13f6xymm" id="v83z13f6xymm"></a>
  * End-to-end encryption has been added for all authservice APIs (/authsrvc/\*). This includes encryption of request and response payloads.
  * End-to-end encryption (E2EE) support added in provisionengine
* Redis Cache support provided for the My Workspace section to improve performance.
* **APIEXT:**
  * Exposed a new API for implementation team to get user details based on email, login and/or displayName

## Known Bugs

1. manager notification: receiving user name required manager name &#x20;
2. In application setting if show to user flag off then also application show in recent application &#x20;
3. Amaya || Unable to identify application properties data type where value is empty &#x20;
4. Amaya || Create user operation falls due to invalid password&#x20;
5. Reports-Records are getting displayed after 11min approximately &#x20;
6. recommendation run for tenant 2711 taken 2 days, 3 hours, 8 minutes, and 12 seconds for 345,000 users
7. During reconciliation, when the user login ID is left blank and the loginGenerator is activated, the process fails due to the empty login
