# 3.1.17

### New Features

1. Amaya quick setup templates updated

• Zoho Expenses

• Zoho Books

• Zoho CRM

• Zoho Desk

2. Bulk User Actions

• Lock User

• Unlock User

• Activate User

• Deactivate User

• Delete User

• Assign Local Group

• Bulk action dashboard to review action summary.

3. User Inactive Manager

### Fixes

1. Amaya-When the node schema is complex and more nodes are added, the nodes are getting overlapped.
2. Generator. Spacing Issue in Generator Display Name While generating pattern
3. Workflow-Pending Workflow -Change text from "Requested for" to "Requested For" in grid column name.
4. Form Logic-Configured forms - Settings - While removing the default value, showing this error
5. Registration-Spelling correction required
6. OnDemand Config- Loader should be applied after 1st click on save button
7. Amaya Quick Setup-When quick setup is done, JSon body contains String value(in Double quote form) of Role id, but JSon body should not be double quotes as role assignment is getting failed
8. Amaya- Quick Setup- Sample email and title should be changed and a note should be added (Specifying unique email should be entered)
9. Amaya- Quick Setup- By default roles are passed in string format (with quotes) and due to which application assignment is getting failed.
10. Amaya-Quick Setup- By default roles are passed in string format (with quotes) and due to which application assignment is getting failed.
11. Amaya-Quick setup-\_Role\_value is in quoted form, due to which user role assignment get failed
12. Reports-Cymmetri Administrators report data is not displaying, even though the data is present.
13. The Reports-Domain Admin Report data is not displaying, even though the data is present.

### Known Bugs

1. manager notification: receiving user name required manager name
2. In application setting if show to user flag off then also application show in recent application.
3. Amaya || Unable to identify application properties data type where value is empty
4. Known || Amaya || Create user operation fails due to invalid password
5. Reports-Records are getting displayed after 11min approximately
6. recommendation run for tenant 2711 taken 2 days,3 hours, 8 minutes, and 12 seconds for 345,000 users
7. Time-Based application Role - The role should be disabled if it has already been saved during the initial configuration
