# 3.1.16

### New Features

1\. Frontend Framework Upgrade

a. NodeJS version upgraded to v20.16.0

b. Which is used for generating build. No visible changes in Ul.

2\. Amaya Feature Enhancement

a - Multi role support if application supports multiple role assignments.

b. Conditional Node with expression builder using forwarded data variables

c. Transformational node to modify existing data or add new attribute. (this is mostly used for sync operation)

d. API node (for create/update/delete/rdle assign/role unassign)-resolved one bug which was always required to call additional API to get UID

e. ITERATOR node(for sync operation) user's objects list can be transform and update/add fields.

&#x20;f. -Subflow-This is the flow which will be applicable for iterator node

&#x20;g-Run Flow (Debug/Implementation Purpose Feature)- this will execute the flow with mock data that can be filled by user ad execute to understand that whether flow is correct or not.

&#x20;h-Run Request (Debug/Implementation Purpose Feature)- This will also ask the placed variables before execution, which will help the user/engineer to understand the behavior of flow, without using actual provisioning operation (without connector), but once integration completed, connector will be required for provisioning.

3\. SSO Policy-12 hour frequency added for application MFA.

### Bug fixes

1. Generator config-if config is disabled and rule is also created for that generator getting error
2. Recon Pull-AD-Sync action failed extor coming while executing the
3. Redis cache-Application tag reflected in device and vice a versa
4. APPfication MFA-Need to change label on detail
5. Amaya-In Condition node user is able to type variable but not able to create it
6. Amaya- When variables are marked in picker, they should be forwarded in condition node inside Iterator node, currently showing blank No option)
7. Amaya- Run flow Validation for the condition node should be added to prevent execution if the condition node is left empty and run flow is executed
8. Amaya- Pick properties should be visible inside API node, in variable environment
9. Amaya-Iterator node- When there is no connection between nodes and data is saved in the API node, both success and error validation messages are displayed simultaneously.
10. Amaya-Iterator node- Validation message is not displayed when the Save button is clicked
11. Policy Map-For the Start Date field, the Update button does not get enabled unless the Validate button is clicked.
12. Amaya- Client id should be visible in encrypted form
13. Application-Date time format is not supported
14. Amaya-User creation is failing even after retrying, despite correcting the create operation configuration
15. Amaya-Transformation node data overlaps when havering over the node
16. Amaya-After changing dropdown, condition value field should get empty/reset
17. Amaya-Berator Node- Showing error message on deleting iterator node
18. Amaya- Quick Setup- When any attribute is searched in the generate policy map, the other pages become unresponsive not able to edit
19. Amaya-Variabile are not getting forwarded into the second condition node
20. Amaya-Zoho Expenses roles- Cannot assign multiple roles in Zoho Expense, and there is also no option to remove a role once assignect, so showing application in failed state
21. Artaya- Recton pull having login generator configured-Login name is not visible after executing the recon pull from Amaya when a space is entered against login field of the transformation node
22. Admens-While logged in with "m32.Swettenham" user having org admin role, while login with that user admin module is not accessible
23. Logging in as an admin-the Admin tab is not loading and is directly landing on the Self-Service side

### Known Bugs

1. manager notification: receiving user name required manager name
2. In application setting if show to user flag off then also application show in recent application.
3. Amaya || Unable to identify application properties data type where value is empty
4. Known || Amaya || Create user operation fails due to invalid password
