# 3.1.7 - Product Release

#### New Features

1. Due to the limited resources in QA env and to ensure effective utilization, we are not currently proceeding with the new development to the recommendation service from both the backend and UI at this time. Hence, we kindly request you to exclude the recommendationsrvc service from the QA environment during deployment until further notice.
2. CISO Dashboard service deployment remains the same as the last release since the sprint release for the same is mid-next week. (EoM - September 2024)
3. Reconciliation Enhancement a. Reconciliation Job Notifications b. Reconciliation Job Dashboard c. Handling of Partial Job Failures d. Reconciliation Filters
4. Email Configuration Update \
   a) Mail Username and Password fields no longer require validation, allowing them to be empty. This is because some email servers do not require authentication.\
   b) Other fields, such as Mail Port, Mail Host, and Mail Sender, still require validation to ensure proper email functionality

#### Fixes

1. Form logic-When TAT is executed then in the detail show the message "Form Logic Workflow Rejected by system"
2. Assign Application- The application page not getting refreshed automatically after deleting/assigning applications.
3. Amaya Policy Mapping- The search button should be present.
4. Amaya || Validation prevents the usage of variables in the URL
5. FormLogic || Step 2 of form || Form config JSON should be mandatory
6. Amaya- The present header key disappeared when saving the value
7. Quick setup policy mapping- When any fields are not filled and an error is shown, the user should be taken to the error field
8. Amaya>Policy Mapping- Showing repeated validation message on UI when clicking on the reset button
9. Amaya- When the JSON body type is changed from raw to any other format, the previous type is cleared, but the response is not being updated accordingly
10. Amaya- After 3-4 attempts of clicking the validate/save button, the validation message is no longer being displayed.
11. Form logic-form detail-Need to provide rule link.
12. Staging Users - Version History - Change the text "Update Version" to "Updated Version"
13. Form logic-When TAT is executed then in the detail show the message "Form Logic Workflow Rejected by system"
14. Onboarding- The page is being skipped when the "Create User" popup box is clicked outside of it.
15. Audit log- UI layout is getting distorted for long role name
16. Application role- The Role page layout is getting distorted when a role with a long name is created
17. Application Role- When a role with a long name, including spaces, is created, the UI (specifically the Cancel and Save buttons) is affected while unassigning the role from a user account.
18. Application Role- UI is getting impacted.
19. Selfservice mobile app-inbox-User detail not showing.
20. CSV Bulk Import- When a bulk file is imported via CSV, attribute fields take time to load
21. Amaya Policy Mapping- The search button should be present.
22. Workflow || Additional Form Info || Readonly text-based form submissions
23. Policy map- Empty values are getting saved in the policy mapping
24. Amaya- When the JSON body type is changed from raw to any other format, the previous type is cleared, but the response is not being updated accordingly
25. UI new user walkthrough- Sentence correction needed
26. UI new user walkthrough- Description should be changed
27. Quick setup policy mapping- When any fields are not filled and an error is shown, the user should be taken to the error field
28. Amaya- After 3-4 attempts of clicking the validate/save button, the validation message is no longer being displayed.
29. Form logic-Form table-sorting not working
30. Form logic-Pre and post hook should be nonmandatory
31. Form logic-User submissions-Provide date filter
32. Form logic-on all screen search only works for the exact case, expected should work for matching cases.
33. Partner portal-add user-country list not loading.
34. CSV Bulk Import- When a bulk file is imported via CSV, attribute fields are taking time to load.
35. Form details UI is different in Pending and Completed Workflow than showing in the selfservice inbox section.
36. Form logic-Selfservice app-My Requests-form detail not showing
37. Skip Password Expiry- Session expires when the refresh button is clicked having skip password expiry enabled
38. FormLogic || Unable to save rule after changing condition

#### Known Bugs

1. Manager notification: receiving user name required manager name
2. In the application setting if to user flag is off then the also application shows in the recent application.
3. Unable to identify application properties data type where value is empty
4. Amaya || Create user operation fails due to an invalid password
5. Reports- Records are displayed after 11min approximately
6. Deprovision Rule executed via Scheduler - Workflow is not getting initiated for the set of users based on status/end date
7. Workflow List - Getting error " Contact system administrator" on technova tenant
8. FormLogic || Step 2 of form || Form config JSON should be mandatory
9. Recon - Abort sync state - System is getting auto abort and failure log showing nothing and
10. Recon Dashboard History> Search field- A Placeholder should be added specifying search is applicable for only the application name, also No data found should be shown and pagination should get clear when the page is empty
11. Recon Failure sync status - Showing "Reconciliation In Progress" in fail status
12. Application Recon History- Slider should be added at the bottom
13. Recon Dashboard history- Users/groups are getting created in Cymmetri even when the process is aborted from the dashboard
