# 3.1.4-Beta

#### New Feature

1. UI/UX || Warning added || Application Config Import Modal || Auto 'Create Only' for User Principal policy mappings
2. A new feature has been developed for the "Recommendation Engine", enabling seamless integration and management of application and role recommendations. The recommendation engine supports the generation of personalized applications and role suggestions for each user. The system supports the automatic synchronization of data from various sources, ensuring that recommendations are always based on user behavior. All recommendation engine configurations and data synchronization are stored and can be easily retrieved and updated as needed.
3. UI/UX || Amaya || Add support for JSON body validation through validate button
4. Audit log comparison for oldObject and newObject when they are in detailed format
5. UI/UX Inconsistent button placement in some modules fixed to a default below position
6. UI/UX Onboarding walkthrough of New users
7. ICICI: a. The inbox title in the workflow setup event has been updated to display the workflow name. b. Workflow (Pending workflow list) requester and requestedFor column added for display
8. Identity Analytics (Reporting Engine)
9. End-to-end Request/Response Payload Encryption for all authservice's API. (/authsrvc/\*)
10. User Threshold (Phase 2):\
    i. Update Email Title and Template\
    ii. Create a new 'Move to Archive' button to manually archive a user.\
    iii. Make the notifications field mandatory in the User Threshold Configuration.\
    iv. Added the Org Admin as the default notifier in the user threshold configuration. (Not supported for old tenant).\
    v. Update UI Error Message Format\
    vi. The User Threshold staging mode name has been changed.\
    vii. Failure to Move Staging User to Archive Manually and Audit Log Display for fail.\
    viii. The changes made to the staging dashboard view. Include a comparison between the previous and updated versions of the UI.\
    ix. Show the display name in the Threshold Delete operation on the Staging Dashboard.\
    x. Notification Field in User Threshold Config for deleting users.

#### Fixes

1. Amaya- When server connector timeout is changed and test configuration is clicked, it shows a "connector not found in cloud" error in the Audit log
2. Import User - If loginid already exists, then the remark shows "Usrsrvc.existing Login". Change this text to "Existing Login ID"
3. Import/Export- Showing host server details when the file is imported for script connector
4. My Access - Tags - Roles is not getting displayed in the Application
5. Application - Clicking on the role tile, SSO is happening and also while clicking on close icon, SSO is happening
6. Applications- When any attribute is updated (made empty in the target application) and recon for both exist operation is executed, the corresponding attribute in Cymmetri should also be cleared
7. Reports- SSO based application- Reports are blank/ not showing data when SSO based application are accessed (To correct the data need to perform data-logger sync for respective tenant. Refer configuration steps here)
8. Deprovision- User is getting deprovisioned even after user status is changed to Active from Inactive
9. User threshold mail notification- Title changes required
10. Audit log-Recon - When recon is executed with status as Inactive, audit log is showing "Recon initiated successfully" but not any log for execution failed/aborted
11. Audit Filter- Add cross button in Target Type and Action field.
12. Threshold Config- Validation message for all three operations should be similar
13. Threshold Create/Update- Spelling for exceeded is not correct
14. Notification Template - Toggle and status should display in status column as per other modules.
15. Create User- While creating user on newly created tenant, assign group page showing text "No group assigned , assign group"
16. User setting- External idp rule is active-An admin user should not be able to reset user password when the external IDP rule matches the user condition
17. Create user - While creating user on newly created tenant, assign application page showing text "No data found, add application"
18. Audit Filter- Add cross button in Target Type and Action field.
19. Portal-For module update showing error, already exist
20. My Access - Tags - Roles is not getting displayed in Application
21. Threshold Config- Validation message for all three operations should be similar
22. Threshold Create/Update- Spelling for exceeded is not correct
23. Notification Template - Toggle and status should display in status column as per other modules.
24. Create User- While creating user on newly created tenant, assign group page showing text "No group assigned , assign group"
25. Create user - While creating user on newly created tenant, assign application page showing text "No data found, add application"
26. Group Unassignment: The message appearing on group unassignment is incorrect
27. Push and FIDO scan zoom functionality not available at the time of Device MFA
28. Push and FIDO scan zoom functionality not available at the time of application MFA
29. Campaign Reassign -inactive users are also listed for reassignment on click
30. Login page- AD auth- Provide proper UI message when AD adapter details are incorrect
31. Amaya- When server connector timeout is changed and test configuration is clicked, it is showing "connector not found in cloud" error in Audit log
32. Import User - If loginid already exist , then remark shows "Usrsrvc.existing Login" . Change this text to "Existing Login Id"
33. User threshold- Pending Staging- When changing page select all box should be unchecked.
34. Threshold Pending staging- Whenever the page changes or the number of records per page is modified, the selection should be reset
35. Import/Export- Showing host server details when file is imported for script connector
36. Threshold pending staging- When the retry button is clicked multiple times, the validation message does not appear after the third click on UI
37. Application assignment- Change user search suggestion watermark
38. Onboarding registration- When resolution is at 80%, PAM report admin option is not visible in dropdown
39. Reports- SSO based application- Reports are blank/ not showing data when SSO based application are accessed
40. After release v 3.1.2, for old updated tenant campaign module is disabled
41. Onboarding registration- When an application is selected and then reverted to the previous page, selecting the application again causes the application count to double
42. External JIT- JIT configuration should be disabled until new external idp configuration details are filled
43. External IDP- JIT- API is showing "undefined" error on clicking JIT button and on enabling JIT configuration
44. External IDP- JIT- Reverse the title, it is confusing for user
45. MFA - Secret Question - Question selection is getting non-selectable after entering incorrect answers and then retrying for correct answer
46. My workspace>Inbox- Count is not showing when records are in claim
47. Reports( Employee's with upcoming contract end date) - By default date filter should be applied of 30 days
48. Provision Rule - Cursor of the condition is getting overlapped with footer of the page.
49. Onboarding - Login credentials timeout error
50. My Access - Superset Application logo and label should be changed
51. Applications- When any attribute is updated (made empty in the target application) and recon for both exist operation is executed, the corresponding attribute in Cymmetri should also be cleared
52. Deprovision- User is getting deprovisioned even after user status is changed to Active from Inactive
53. Audit log-Recon - When recon is executed with status as Inactive, audit log is showing "Recon initiated successfully" but not any log for execution failed/aborted
54. User threshold mail notification- Title changes required
55. Application- Managed view- When manager is removed from Cymmetri, user is still getting displayed in managed view
56. Create Threshold Config> Csv import- Showing empty records in pending staging list when threshold limit is exceed and user are imported via csv file
57. Reports- SSO based application- Reports are blank/ not showing data when SSO based application are accessed
58. My workspace>Inbox- Count is not showing when records are in claim
59. login with admin-Campaign detail show role also, currently role showing only for campaign manager
60. Cymmetri Selfservice App - Once we click on the web link from scanner , it should show confirmation popup on screen (Suggestion)
61. Selfservice Mobile App - When app is in Quit state and open the app via scanner(camera), it is not redirecting to login page of the website
62. Push Authenticator - Need to change the error message
63. User creation- While creating new users then going to next level that is on groups page and then on application page ,then user should be redirected back to the group's page when back button is clicked instead of existing user creation page
64. Showing error when saving workflow with name( User creation, Application provisioning, Application deprovisioning)
65. deployment\_analytics\_1 Service CPU utilisation is 100%
66. Campaign-email report showing error
67. Some time tenant registration not working,showing WriteConflict error in the service
68. Application provisioning and deprovisioning workflow initiated request is not getting displayed in activity logs.
69. Workflow Rules - Application Deprovisioning event - If condition is set as RegEx for custom attribute is not working
70. User update-Showing audit failed-Write conflict
71. Report - Updated record should display on top.
72. Auth rule showing unknown error
73. Workflow List - View any workflow detail - While clicking on info icon it is showing Grade List Detail
74. AD-Recon-If Policy attribute marked inactive then also it is getting pull from AD.
75. Login via Application admin- When click on application showing processing please wait error message.
76. Applications- Application are not getting assigned to user and also audit log is not visible for the same
77. PAM write admin not able to assign users,user list not populating

#### Known Bugs

1. Manager notification: receiving user name required manager name
2. In the application setting if to user flags off then the also application shows in the recent application.
3. Unable to identify application properties data type where value is empty
4. Amaya || Create user operation fails due to an invalid password
5. Reports- Records are displayed after 11min approximately
