# 3.1.11-Beta

#### New Feature

1. UI/UX-Runtime errors || Sitewide error handling page &#x20;
2. End-to-end encryption (E2EE) support added in provisionengine.&#x20;
3. Mover Process (Phase 1) -QA Done a. Ul for mover configuration (No integration from backend)&#x20;
4. Recommendation Scheduler History: Provides information on whether the recommendation engine is configured, along with the scheduler history, including its status (running or completed) and the number of records processed. -QA Done&#x20;
5. FormLogic webhook request schema sample and sample script updated for user details.

#### Fixes

1. Identity Hub- UI is getting disturbed for long name&#x20;
2. Life cyde mgmt-Provision Rule/On-Demand Rule/Global Apps-The 'Add Role' button remains static even after multiple roles are added in the role field.&#x20;
3. My Access> Application-Unable to deselect roles that have been selected for removal&#x20;
4. UI || Maintain NodeJS version used in package.json&#x20;
5. Email Config - While saving the below config, getting error Please try again" and showing UTIL.SRVC.UNKNOWN"&#x20;
6. Bulk Unassignment-File upload - Dropdown showing role only as a label&#x20;
7. Campaign Notifications and Scheduling - Unable to search users in select notification&#x20;
8. &#x20;Application-The "Show to User" checkbox is unchecked, the user is still able to see the assigned application when application assigned via group&#x20;
9. Delegation-Delegatee user should not be able to Assign/Remove Roles&#x20;
10. Roles- UI is getting disturbed when long role names are added&#x20;
11. Global Apps Access- Validation message should be consistence&#x20;
12. On-demand Access- Validation message statement should be changed&#x20;
13. Campaign-Extend-While selecting the year from the calendar, UI is breaking&#x20;
14. Campaign Extend-Change the success message from Extended Successfully" to "Campaign Extended successfully&#x20;
15. Logs Dashboard Recon History- Slider should be added at the bottom&#x20;
16. Password Policy-Showing error while resetting password when first name or last name is kept dot(.) and reject password with first and last name checkbox is checked even if () is not available in password&#x20;
17. Recon Dashboard history- Users/groups are getting created in Cymmetri even when process is aborted from dashboard&#x20;
18. Role CSV import-Trim Space before importing in csv file&#x20;
19. Recon History-Start Date time / End date time is not showing in descending order in grid&#x20;
20. Recon Dashboard Push-Recon not getting failed when already one recon is in progress&#x20;
21. Recon Push-Recon is showing in progress even after execution is showing complete
22. Rule engine> Condition Dropdown-Showing processing please wait when clicked on add condition field&#x20;
23. Recommendation Schedular History-Time showing wrong.&#x20;
24. Recommendation Config is marked inactive then also Recommendation Schedular History showing and vice a versa&#x20;
25. Version page showing error for the service provision and auth&#x20;
26. Import/Export-Showing error when exporting application&#x20;
27. Add experimental tag for the recommendation&#x20;
28. Recommendation Schedular History- Add Date filter As like implemented in audit&#x20;
29. &#x20;selfservice\_teams\_user status update showing error on Ul but on backend side status getting updated&#x20;
30. Recommendation Schedular History Date filter taking data other than selected date range&#x20;
31. &#x20;Partner portal-add user-country list not loading&#x20;
32. Campaign-Download Report - While downloading the report, in audit logs showing error and in download section showing "Pending"&#x20;
33. Campaign - Downloads Report Your download section - While dicking on download icon-Getting error "utilsrvc invalid argument

#### Known Bugs

1. manager notification: receiving user name required manager name&#x20;
2. In application setting if show to user flag off then also application show in recent application.&#x20;
3. &#x20;Amaya || Unable to identify application properties data type where value is empty&#x20;
4. &#x20;Amaya || Create user operation fails due to invalid password&#x20;
5. Reports-Records are getting displayed after 11min approximately&#x20;
6. recommendation run for tenant 2711 taken 2 days,3 hours, 8 minutes, and 12 seconds for 345,000 users
