# 3.1.2 - Product Release

#### New Features

1. The workflow self-approval module was updated to support custom attributes (type: user type and Converter Type: String ) as condition parameters.
2. Teams config module updated to support custom attribute (type: user type and Converter Type: String ) as condition parameter.
3. On behalf module updated to support the custom attribute (type: user type and Converter Type: String ) as a condition parameter.
4. Auth Rule module updated to support custom attribute (type: user type and Converter Type: String ) as condition parameter.
5. Quick Setup - Setup applications using pre-defined operations
6. Import-Export App Configuration - Transfer configurations of applications smoothly between tenants, simplifying the setup for users by ensuring all configurations, including user configurations, server configurations, and policy maps, are accurately migrated.
7. Removal of Deprovision Rule Exclusion Applications Field:\
   a) Manual Execute Deprovisioning \
   b) Deprovisioning via Scheduler \
   c) Update Threshold Delete Config \
   d) Deprovision Rule Updation \
   e) Backward Compatibility \
   f) Suspend or Resume User \
   g) Impact on UI
8. Access review reject process updated, on rejection workflow support added.
9. SAML Single Logout
10. The new screen will show loading on UI till tenant creation is completed once OTP is verified
11. Interchanged position of login ID and email on add/edit user for better UX.
12. Add support for the page number field for pagination in Amaya
13. 360 Recon
14. Lotus Notes Connector
15. Application Policy Map (Active Directory) samAccountName is compulsory for Create only flag in User as well as Group (AD application new bundle - When SAMaccount name is set to false in Group policy map, members are not assigned in group when recon Pull is executed for both exist=Update).
16. Added Warning information and warning popups (Only UI changes no impact on backend functionality):\
    a. Creation of user manually. \
    b. Updating of user manually. \
    c. Bulk upload CSV (creation of user) \
    d. Manager assignment \
    e. Policy map creation and updation \
    f. Reconciliation Pull operation \
    g. Reconciliation push operation \
    h. Selfservice âž Teams: \
    i. Creation of user \
    ii. Updation of user
17. Removal of Email validation from the backend

#### Fixes

1. The user info page crashed while the user edit fails
2. Import/Export of App Configuration
3. Amaya- Detailed description of failed/executed logs should be shown
4. AD application new bundle- The group link attribute in the db is empty, and users are not getting updated in the group
5. AD policy map- Spaces should be trimmed automatically if included while creating a policy attribute
6. Tenant creation not working
7. New tenant Registration- Showing subscription end for tenant which is not even registered completely
8. Secret question configuration- Admin user should be able to delete secret questions when not in use
9. Secret Question- When a question is already in use and the user trying to delete a question then it should not display a successful delete message.
10. Secret question- Displaying removal validation message when editing a question
11. User> Activity- Add a cross (x) button to clear the selection
12. Onbehalf Config - If the Description is kept blank, no error message is getting displayed on the screen while saving.
13. Team Config - If the Description is kept blank, no error message is getting displayed on the screen while saving.
14. On Behalf config- When the view button is clicked, the user is still able to check or uncheck the boxes.
15. Custom attribute- Even when a custom attribute is disabled from the configuration, it remains visible in the policy map selected dropdown menu
16. Users - View User- Custom attribute fields text UI is breaking
17. Custom Attribute- Require text change in success message to " Custom Attribute activated successfully"
18. Edit User - After deactivating the already assigned custom attribute, in edit user, the system is showing info XYZz" attribute is inactive for the active custom attribute also.
19. Identity Hub- When clicking on edit info from the user menu action, the user account edit page should open instead of the user display page.
20. CTRL+K: When any feature/module is already opened and the user presses the ctrl +k button from the keyboard then the search filter modal is opened at the back
21. Delegation - Delegator and Delegatee consent should not get updated if the user has already set some other consent.
22. Users> Group- Rename the label from 'Delete' to 'Unassign'.
23. Audit- Logs for deprovisioned users are getting repeated.
24. Custom Field- Policy Map- Date is not showing in the correct format
25. Mobile app- When clicking on the user name for the first time after killing the app, the keyboard is hidden
26. Custom Attribute-Provision- When a custom attribute with special characters is created and applied in a provision rule (for user creation), the provision rule fails to trigger after the user is created.
27. Global search (Ctrl+K) - even if characters are not matching still shows suggestions
28. User setting- An error message should be shown when any action is performed and when landing/refreshing the settings page
29. Cymmetri Selfservice App - Need to change the message showing in the popup screen while TOTP is getting authenticated.
30. Mozilla Browser specific- User getting stuck when password-less Webauthn is On
31. Application - SSO - While clicking on Preview assertion, getting the error "processing please wait"
32. Product menu getting hidden on workflow page: a. Menu action- Displaying an error message when a user already has one role assigned and tries to assign a menu action.
33. The user info page crashed while the user edit fails
34. Import/Export- Showing error message when importing the file into a new tenant (AD specific)
35. Custom Attribute-Provision- When a custom attribute with special characters is created and applied in a provision rule (for user creation), the provision rule fails to trigger after the user is created.
36. Quick setup- Data is not getting reset after closing the policy mapping popup box, but getting reset when clicking on the "I'll do later button"
37. Add Page Number support for Amaya.
38. Application - SSO While saving the same config in two applications, while clicking on Edit SP config, a popup showing do you want to continue editing the SP configuration? but only the continue button is given
39. Application - SSO - While saving the configuration in a new application, the save button loader is loading continuously
40. 360 recon-Hide runnow button from detail view
41. 360 recon dashboard filter-add dropdown for break type
42. 360 recon dashboard-label change account overdue to account overdue in the target (also add some info on i icon what is this)
43. 360 recon-Already running recon need to handle, disable the play button, or show a message
44. 360 dashboard-make label consistent
45. 360 recon dashboard-action details showing blank
46. 360 Degree recon-For execution showing error
47. 360 Degree Recon- History some time loading some time not
48. Recon 360 recon- A validation message for missing data is not required as it already shows no data found on the page when recon is not executed at all
49. 360 recon dashboard-action details showing blank
50. 360 dashboard-Search not working on break type
51. 360dashboard-loginid filter not working
52. 360 recon detail data showing mismatch
53. 360 recon execute audit log not present
54. 360 recon dashboard-on 2nd run details getting repeated
55. Amaya Azure- Showing route issue error message
56. Import Application- UI for the name is not proper
57. Import/Export- Recon is not working for AD's new application bundle
58. Teams config - while removing the condition in Group condition, shows the error " Please try again"
59. On Behalf config - while removing the condition in Group condition, shows the error " Please try again"
60. Teams Config - If the condition is kept blank and save is clicked, getting the error " Please try again"
61. On behalf config- If the condition is kept blank and save is clicked, getting the error " Please try again"
62. Import/Export Application- Convertor field types in the policy map are not getting imported
63. Import/Export - When any application configuration is imported into a new tenant, the user should be redirected to the application provisioning page after the upload
64. Import application- Showing an error message when importing an Amaya-based application if the exported application was without the policy map checked
65. Amaya- Policy Map Password attribute datatype identified as password instead of string
66. Amaya- Rename all operations(Test, Search, Sync, etc....) in sentence case
67. Workflow- Even after updating Grade as the 2nd level approver in the workflow, the 1st level approver is still being set at level 2
68. Workflow- After updating the user list as the 2nd level approver in the workflow, the 1st level approver is still being set at level 2
69. Workflow- When the level 3 approver is updated in the workflow, a 'Workflow Not in Range' error message is displayed.
70. Workflow- Even after updating the reporting manager as the 2nd level approver in the workflow, the 1st level approver is still being set at level 2
71. Workflow- When workflow over workflow is applied 2nd level approver is not getting updated
72. 360 recon should consider full sync
73. 360 recon fails then that 360 recon should be abort
74. Amaya Felicity Role assignment- Taking time to provide an error message
75. Deprovision- Exclusion Application- Application going in pending deletion state when that particular application is added in exclusion application while manually deleting a user from the Identity hub
76. 360 Recon sync with bulk data showing heap size issue
77. AD new application- User list is not getting displayed showing urersrvc unknown error.
78. My workspace> Inbox- When workflow assignment is reassigned by admin, then the previous approver should not be able to accept or reject the request if the page is already open in the previous approver account.
79. Inbox - Workflow Request for setup for application - Need to enhance the details as per user interface.
80. Error in the server log-authsrvc , No impact on the functional flow
81. After the campaign workflow triggered on revoked, even though the campaign had ended and the workflow was approved, applications were still getting unassigned.
82. Campaign - Reviewer can approve self review request
83. The campaign not getting end, for tenant 2711
84. Workflow TAT- Workflow is getting aborted when grade is set at second level approver and set TAT time is over
85. Workflow TAT- Workflow is getting aborted when 2 level approver is set and set TAT time is over
86. Workflow TAT- Workflow is getting aborted when workflow approver is assigned to the user list
87. Workflow TAT- Showing error when the user is not present and TAT is over
88. Workflow TAT- Showing unauthorized error when TAT is over and operation is getting aborted
89. Recon pull- with both existing links, audit detail not showing
90. Workflow rule configuration-on edit workflow, previously selected role getting save
91. AD new bundle- Managed View- View should be proper while separating multiple OU in proxy addresses
92. AD new bundle- Manager and account expiry is not visible in the Managed view
93. AD new bundle- managed view- Value is not displayed in a proper format in **Name** in managed view
94. AD new bundle- Managed View- Showing different Start time/created time
95. In the User creation workflow, L1 - User List approved, L2 - reporting manager after TAT is expired, the request is not getting auto reject.
96. Pending Workflow List - If the approver is User list and Grade then it should display in Current Assign in the pending list
97. User Workflow - If the reporting manager is set as 2 level approver, the reporting manager is showing as Unknown
98. Policy Map- When the attribute is searched via the search button and that attribute is deleted then other attributes are not loaded
99. Profile Picture- After clicking once on the upload button, that button should be disabled
100. PAM-Server access not getting terminated even after time ends (Related to HA environment only)
101. User - Assign Application - Workflow initiated - Workflow Approvals page displays User list in Grade type
102. Pending Workflow -If the L1 approver is User List, then while clicking on the info icon, the popup does not show the user list. Also, it is " Grade List Details"
103. PAM-Server access not getting terminated even after time ends (Related to HA environment only)
104. Workflow Rule - Workflow is initiated when the group is set as an approver, the group is not visible on the popup screen
105. AD new bundle>Group- When the "Sam account name" update checkbox is unchecked and the user attempts to update the description, the description does not get updated in the AD
106. deployment\_analytics\_1 Service CPU utilization is 100%
107. Import/ Export- When a file is exported from a different env (Dev) and imported to QA env, then credentials are also imported along
108. Security Bug Fixes:- E2E request/response payload encryption for all APIs of authservice (as of now, planning to rollout for all the services in the next phase)

#### Known Bugs



1. Manager notification: receiving user name required manager name
2. Unable to identify application properties data type where value is empty
3. Amaya || Create user operation fails due to an invalid password
4. In forgot password/password breach condition-asking disabled MFA factor also
5. Amaya-Autofill policy map, When the value is not present to the user at the time of application then Amaya passes "$." to the target
6. Campaign - Reviewer can approve self review request
7. After the campaign workflow was triggered on revoked, even though the campaign had ended and the workflow was approved, applications were still getting unassigned.
8. Remote Group- AD Application- When users are removed from a remote group in Cymmetri, those members should also be removed from the group in the Active Directory
9. Amaya- Client ID should be visible in encrypted form
10. Provision Rule - While creating and configuring the custom attribute as "New ", the system is not initiating the rule.
11. AD new bundle- When an AD application is assigned to a remote group, the application is highlighted in the background while assigning but disappears as soon as the application popup box is closed
12. Reports- When the report is scheduled, Scheduler history shows content not found and the execution status is aborted.
13. AD Application- When the Ad test provision fails, and the user tries to delete the application from a user account, then the application should gointon a fail deletion state
14. Audit- Taking time to load audit logs
15. AD Application- Showing error when inserting start date in AD
16. In the application setting to user flags off then the also application shows in the recent application.
17. User lock- When a user account is active, and the same account is logged in through another browser, and by any means, the account gets locked, the first session should get terminated.
18. Branding- When show Unlock link from branding is kept as No, and the admin user account gets locked, then the user is not able to unlock the account from the login page
19. Application- When a user is adding /removing a role then it is not getting reflected without refreshing
20. group push-not taking user in AD at the time of update
21. Passwordless- WebAuthn; Showing not allowed error
22. Delegation-On behalf: when login by the delegate and the on-behalf condition is not satisfied still shows the on-behalf toggle button and gets removed when refreshed
23. AD Application- Group name should not accept space while creating or updating group name
24. Audit- Audi log should show log when the user is not getting any records in Recon history but showing task executed
