---
description: (26 July 2024)
---

# 3.1.3-Beta

#### New Features

1. User Threshold:\
   a. A UI change has been made in the general configuration for the threshold. \
   b. Creation of user \
   c. Updation of user \
   d. Deletion of user \
   e. Staging for user threshold \
   f. Retry staging user from staging dashboard. \
   g. Archive for user threshold \
   h. Notification for user threshold
2. User directory search API updated for quick search (keyword):\
   a. Support dropped for grade, userType, department, designation, and custom-attributes \
   b. Supported on: employeeId, email, mobile, firstName, lastName, middleName, displayName, login
3. Data logger service version info added.
4. Tenant registration database creation process optimization.
5. Pending Workflow Inner page applied functionality to reassign users from the inner page
6. Added QR code zoom feature on FIDO, TOTP and push Authenticator scanner.
7. VPT: Modify routes of API - /usersrvc/api/user/directory/list/{appId} remove user role form routes.
8. Custom Attribute support in the following Workflow Rule Events a. User Creation b. Application Provisioning c. Application Deprovisioning d. Application Update
9. Added the following templates in Amaya Quick Setup: \
   • Atlassian\
   • Zoho CRM \
   • Zoho Desk \
   • Zoho Books \
   • Zoho Expenses
10. Provided support for integer values for **ROLE** assignment through Amaya.
11. Tenant Registration Process Resumption: If the tenant registration process is interrupted, it can be seamlessly resumed and completed using the existing account configuration. The registration process can be resumed from the following stages: a. Pending OTP Verification b. Incomplete Credential Setup
12. Active Directory || SimpleAD Connector upgrade:\
    a. UserAccountControl attribute support added \
    b. memberOf attribute support in manage system viewer \
    c. ProxyAttribute attribute support added
13. External IDP SSO: a. added support to login into cymmetri as an external identity provider as IDP initiated sso.
14. SAML IDP SSO: a. added support to send IDP initiated (cymmetri) sso response to cymmetri as a service provider.
15. TOTP Config
16. Removal of Email validation from the backend
17. DataLogger | Refer to configuration steps here:\
    a. data-logging framework optimization. \
    b. Full sync support, this step is optional and required only if, \
    • Tenant audit database is not present, or \
    • Tenant audit database is corrupt so fresh setup is required.

#### Fixes

1. Error in the server log-authsrvc, No impact on the functional flow
2. Team config - Create - Discard button issue - After clicking not able to add the details in the condition section
3. Rule engine- Remove the "above" word from the note
4. login with admin-Campaign detail show role also, currently role showing only for a campaign manager
5. Amaya API returns null if error instead of error and errorCode
6. Hide metabase analytics
7. Workflow rule configuration-on edit workflow, previously selected role getting save
8. User - Assign Application - Workflow initiated - Workflow Approvals page displays User list in Grade type
9. Pending Workflow -If the L1 approver is User List, then while clicking on the info icon, the popup does not show the user list. Also, it is " Grade List Details"
10. Identity Hub- The pending initial login symbol is visible far away from the user name.
11. On behalf configuration - While disabling and enabling the toggle, a popup message shows "This change will take effect on the user's next login" but it is getting reflected on the fly.
12. On-behalf>Delegation- On behalf, mthe enu is not visible when logged in via the Delegatee account.
13. SSO- Group mapping- Save button should be enabled when mandatory fields are filled
14. Workflow- Even after updating the reporting manager as the 2nd level approver in the workflow, the 1st level approver is still being set at level 2
15. Global search (Ctrl+K) - even if characters are not matching still shows suggestions
16. The product menu getting hidden on the workflow page
17. LDAP connector-LDAP SSL should be saved in Boolean in the DB
18. User setting- An error message should be shown when any action is performed and when landing/refreshing the settings page
19. User setting- External IDP rule is active-An admin user should not be able to lock a user when the external IDP rule matches the user condition
20. Schedule history-ad by default today filter for from and to
21. Teams config- When the view button is clicked, the user is still able to check or uncheck the boxes
22. Menu action- Displaying an error message when a user already has one role assigned and tries to assign a menu action.
23. Custom Attribute-Provision- When a custom attribute with special characters is created and applied in a provision rule (for user creation), the provision rule fails to trigger after the user is created.
24. Lifecycle Management - All menus - The discard button is not working as expected.
25. Application - SSO While saving the same config in two applications, while clicking on Edit SP config, a popup showing do you want to continue editing the SP configuration? But only the continue button is given.
26. Application - SSO - While saving the configuration in a new application, the save button loader is loading continuously
27. Amaya- Rename all operations(Test, Search, Sync, etc....) in sentence case
28. Group Policy map- For group custom attribute Cymmetri field type should be automatically selected as working in the user custom field
29. Teams config - while removing the condition in Group condition, shows the error " Please try again"
30. On Behalf config - while removing the condition in Group condition, shows the error " Please try again"
31. Teams Config - If the condition is kept blank and save is clicked, getting the error " Please try again"
32. On behalf config- If the condition is kept blank and save is clicked, getting the error " Please try again"
33. Import/Export- Showing error message when importing the file into a new tenant (AD specific)
34. Import application-show error message user or groupwise
35. Import application- Showing an error message when importing an Amaya-based application if the exported application was without the policy map checked
36. Import/Export - When any application configuration is imported into a new tenant, the user should be redirected to the application provisioning page after the upload
37. Amaya Azure- Showing route issue error message
38. Import/Export Application- Convertor field types in the policy map are not getting imported
39. Import/Export- Recon is not working for AD's new application bundle
40. Workflow- When workflow over workflow is applied 2nd level approver is not getting updated
41. Workflow- Even after updating Grade as the 2nd level approver in the workflow, the 1st level approver is still being set at level 2
42. Workflow- After updating the user list as the 2nd level approver in the workflow, the 1st level approver is still being set at level 2
43. Workflow- When the level 3 approver is updated in the workflow, a 'Workflow Not in Range' error message is displayed.
44. Workflow TAT- Workflow is getting aborted when workflow approver is assigned to the user list
45. Team config - Create - Discard button issue - After clicking not able to add the details in the condition section
46. Import/Export- By default, the time in the application name should be removed when exported
47. Rule engine- Remove the "above" word from the note
48. login with admin-Campaign detail show role also, currently role showing only for a campaign manager
49. Hide metabase analytics
50. Error in the server log-authsrvc, No impact on the functional flow
51. AD new application- User list is not getting displayed showing urersrvc unknown error.
52. The campaign not ending, for tenant 2711
53. Workflow rule configuration-on edit workflow, previously selected role getting save
54. AD application new bundle - When SAMaccount name is set to false in the Group policy map, members are not assigned to the group when recon Pull is executed for both exist=Update
55. My workspace> Inbox- When workflow assignment is reassigned by admin, then the previous approver should not be able to accept or reject the request if the page is already open in the previous approver account.
56. After the campaign workflow triggered on revoked, even though the campaign had ended and the workflow was approved, applications were still getting unassigned.
57. Workflow TAT- Workflow is getting aborted when grade is set at second level approver and set TAT time is over
58. Workflow TAT- Workflow is getting aborted when 2 level approver is set and set TAT time is over
59. Workflow TAT- Showing error when the user is not present and TAT is over
60. Workflow TAT- Showing unauthorized error when TAT is over and operation is getting aborted
61. User - Assign Application - Workflow initiated - Workflow Approvals page displays User list in Grade type
62. Reports- SSO-based application- Reports are blank/ not showing data when SSO-based applications are accessed
63. Pending Workflow -If the L1 approver is User List, then while clicking on the info icon, the popup does not show the user list. Also, it is " Grade List Details"
64. AD new bundle>Group- When the "Sam account name" update checkbox is unchecked and the user attempts to update the description, the description does not get updated in the AD
65. Import/ Export- When a file is exported from a different env (Dev) and imported to QA env, then credentials are also imported along
66. Identity Hub- The pending initial login symbol is visible far away from the user name
67. On behalf configuration - While disabling and enabling the toggle, a popup message shows "This change will take effect on the user's next login" but it is getting reflected on the fly.
68. In the User creation workflow, L1 - User List approved, L2 - reporting manager after TAT is expired, the request is not getting auto reject.
69. On-behalf>Delegation- On behalf menu is not visible when logged in via Delegatee account
70. Import Manager-Manager is deleted and the user trying to assign them in the import history shows success but the audit shows a failed
71. Application delete-Campaign-Deleted application available for review
72. AD new bundle- User policy map- When Sam account name is mapped with any attribute and update checkbox is kept false, and the user is updated, the audit log shows a failed
73. Workflow>Inbox- Address field names in inbox /pending workflow and identity hub users are not the same
74. SSO- Group mapping- Save button should be enabled when mandatory fields are filled
75. Campaign-email report showing error
76. deployment\_analytics\_1 Service CPU utilization is 100%
77. Application - Form - When submitted as blank, after assigning the application page is getting blank.
78. Reports- Records are displayed after 11min approximately
79. CSV Import users- An error message is not shown when the user is unable to save user details if space is included in the email
80. After the campaign workflow was triggered on revoked, even though the campaign had ended and the workflow was approved, applications were still getting unassigned.
81. User Workflow - If the reporting manager is set as 2 level approver, the reporting manager is showing as Unknown
82. Workflow>Inbox- Address field names in inbox /pending workflow and identity hub users are not the same.
83. Export- Rename Config type to Select All
84. MFA- When the default MFA rule is inactive, the user can delete the default rule as well
85. Amaya connector>Policy mapping- The bottom slider should be fixed
86. Amaya || Validation preventing usage of long valid header
87. Amaya Connector- By default only green colored (confirmed policy attributes) should be checked
88. Amaya Quick Setup- When an auto test run fails and operations are manually updated, clicking 'Generate Policy Mapping' should exit the page.
89. Application delete-Campaign-Deleted application available for review
90. Import Manager-Manager is deleted and the user trying to assign them in the import history shows success but the audit shows a failed
91. Import/Export- By default, the time in the application name should be removed when exported
92. SSO - OpenID - Configure CIDR - Add - While clicking on the Add icon without entering any details, blank data is getting added.
93. SSO - OpenID - Configure CIDR - While clicking on the delete icon, no message is displayed and the entry is removed
94. Workflow List - View - Showing label as "Custom Workflow "
95. Import/ Export- Application name while importing file should be limited to 50 characters
96. Application - SSO - SLO toggle enable/disable audit log
97. SOD; policies-Policy owner name is not getting updated after updating the user name from the Identity hub and without the owner name policy is getting saved
98. AD new bundle- When recon is executed for both existing updates but the application is not linked, still user is still getting updated.
99. Application - Form - When submitted as blank, after assigning the application page is getting blank.
100. Masters - Grade- While clicking on the Add button it shows showing edit page of an existing record
101. Tenant registration- Showing suspicious popup box when clicked on verify your email
102. New tenant registration- If the tenant is already on the registration page then after clicking verify email from the mail box should show tenant is already registered
103. Tenant registration- Taking time to register the tenant
104. Email verification - The email verification link redirects to the otp verification screen.
105. My Workflow> Teams- Add a short menu button
106. Tenant creation not working
107. After release v 3.1.2, for old updated tenant campaign module is disabled
108. Portal-For module update showing error, already exist
109. Push and FIDO scan zoom functionality not available at the time of Device MFA
110. Push and FIDO scan zoom functionality not available at the time of application MFA
111. User setting- The external IDP rule is active-An admin user should not be able to reset the user password when the external IDP rule matches the user condition

#### Known Bugs

1. Manager notification: receiving user name required manager name
2. Unable to identify application properties data type where value is empty
3. Amaya || Create user operation fails due to an invalid password
4. In forgot password/password breach condition-asking disabled MFA factor also
5. Amaya-Autofill policy map, When the value is not present to the user at the time of application then Amaya passes "$." to the target
6. Campaign - Reviewer can approve self review request
7. After the campaign workflow was triggered on revoked, even though the campaign had ended and the workflow was approved, applications were still getting unassigned.
8. Remote Group- AD Application- When users are removed from a remote group in Cymmetri, those members should also be removed from the group in the Active Directory
9. Amaya- Client ID should be visible in encrypted form
10. Provision Rule - While creating and configuring the custom attribute as "New ", the system is not initiating the rule.
11. AD new bundle- When an AD application is assigned to a remote group, the application is highlighted in the background while assigning but disappears as soon as the application popup box is closed
12. Reports- When the report is scheduled, Scheduler history shows content not found and the execution status is aborted.
13. AD Application- When the Ad test provision fails, and the user tries to delete the application from a user account, then the application should go in a fail deletion state
14. Audit- Taking time to load audit logs
15. AD Application- Showing error when inserting start date in AD
16. In the application setting if shown to the user flags off then the also application shows in recent applications.
17. User lock- When a user account is active, and the same account is logged in through another browser, and by any means, the account gets locked, the first session should get terminated.
18. Branding- When show Unlock link from branding is kept as No, and the admin user account gets locked, then the user is not able to unlock the account from the login page
19. Application- When a user is adding /removing a role then it is not getting reflected without refreshing
20. group push-not taking user in AD at the time of update
21. Passwordless- WebAuthn; Showing not allowed error
22. Delegation-On behalf: when login by the delegate and the on-behalf condition is not satisfied still shows othe n-behalf toggle button and gets removed when refreshed
23. AD Application- Group name should not accept space while creating or updating group name
24. Audit- Audi log should show log when the user is not getting any records in Recon history but showing task executed

